Indapamide is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension as well as edema due to congestive heart failure.
Tropicamide is a muscarinic receptor antagonist used to induce mydriasis and cycloplegia for diagnostic procedures.
Pentoxifylline is a methylxanthine derivative used to treat intermittent claudication caused by chronic occlusive arterial disease of the limbs.
Proparacaine is a topical anesthetic used for ophthalmic practice.
Agomelatine resynchronises circadian rhythms in animal models of delayed sleep phase syndrome and other circadian rhythm disruptions.
Ceftaroline fosamil is an antibacterial agent used to treat various bacterial infections, such as acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections and community-acquired bacterial pneumonia.
Ribavirin is a guanosine nucleoside used to treat some forms of Hepatitis C.
Fentanyl is an opioid analgesic used in anesthesia, for breakthrough cancer pain, or round the clock pain management.
Meloxicam is an NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis in adults, rheumatoid arthritis in adults, and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis in pediatrics.
Acetazolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used to treat edema from heart failure or medications, certain types of epilepsy, and glaucoma.
Propofol is a medication used in general anesthesia and for sedation.
Rotigotine is a non-selective dopamine agonist used for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease and Restless Leg Syndrome.
Indacaterol is an inhaled long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist used to relax bronchial smooth muscle and improve symptoms and airflow obstruction caused by Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and moderate to severe asthma.
Disulfiram is a carbamate derivative used to treat alcohol addiction.
Tadalafil is a phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction, benign prostatic hyperplasia, and pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Cinoxacin is a synthetic antibacterial agent with in vitro activity against many gram-negative aerobic bacteria, particularly strains of the Enterobacteriaceae family. Cinoxacin inhibits bacterial deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) synthesis, is bactericidal, and is active over the entire urinary pH range.
Fosfomycin is a broad spectrum antibiotic used to treat uncomplicated urinary tract infections.
Diazepam is a long-acting benzodiazepine with rapid onset commonly used to treat panic disorders, severe anxiety, alcohol withdrawal, and seizures.
Cefaclor is a second generation cephalosporin used to treat a wide variety of infections in the body.
Mifepristone is a cortisol receptor blocker used to treat Cushing's syndrome, and to terminate pregnancies up to 70 days gestation.
Trifluoperazine is a phenothiazine used to treat depression, anxiety, and agitation.
Clocortolone is a corticosteroid used to treat inflammatory and pruritic dermatoses of the scalp.
Loperamide is a long acting antidiarrheal used to control nonspecific diarrhea and chronic diarrhea caused by inflammatory bowel disease, or gastroenteritis.
Tolazamide is a sulfonylurea used in the treatment of non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Vandetanib is an antineoplastic kinase inhibitor used to treat symptomatic or progressive medullary thyroid cancer in patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic disease.
Mianserin is a tetracyclic antidepressant with therapeutic activity similar to amitriptyline used to treat depression and anxiety.
Dobutamine is a beta-1 agonist used to treat cardiac decompensation in patients with organic heart disease or from cardiac surgery.
Ivermectin is an anti parasite medication used to treat head lice, onchocerciasis, strongyloidiasis, ascariasis, trichuriasis, and enterobiasis.
Nalbuphine is an opioid agonist-antagonist used to treat pain, for pre and postoperative analgesia, and for analgesia in labor and delivery.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate is a progestin used as a contraceptive and in the treatment of secondary amenorrhea, abnormal uterine bleeding, pain from endometriosis, endometrial and renal carcinomas, paraphilia in males, and GnRH-dependent precocious puberty.
Clofazimine is a riminophenazine antimycobacterial used to treat leprosy.
Monobenzone is a hydroquinone derivative used to treat vitiligo.
Oxazepam is an intermediate-acting benzodiazepine with slow onset commonly used to treat panic disorders, severe anxiety, alcohol withdrawals, and insomnia.
Linezolid is an oxazolidinone antibiotic used to treat infections by susceptible strains of aerobic Gram-positive bacteria.
Donepezil is an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used to treat the behavioral and cognitive effects of Alzheimer's Disease and other types of dementia.
Nafcillin is a penicillin derivative antibiotic used to treat susceptible staphylococcal infections.
Flurandrenolide is a corticosteroid used to treat corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
Sulindac is an NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, acute subacromial bursitis or supraspinatus tendinitis, and acute gouty arthritis.
Cysteamine is a cystine depleting agent used to treat the effects of cystinosis.
Lanthanum carbonate is a phosphate binder indicated for the reduction of serum phosphate in patients with end stage renal disease.
Mafenide is an antimicrobial topical agent indicated for use as an adjunctive treatment to control bacterial infection when used under moist dressings over meshed autografts on excised burn wounds.
Lodoxamide is an ophthalmic agent used for the treatment of the ocular disorders referred to by the terms vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
Silver sulfadiazine is a topical sulfonamide antibiotic that acts on the bacterial cell wall and cell membrane; approved for the treatment of burns.
Saxagliptin is an DPP-4 inhibitor used for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Methsuximide is a succinimide anticonvulsant that increases the seizure threshold. Primarily used for childhood absence seizures. Functions by suppressing paroxysmal spike-and-wave patterns associated with lapses of consciousness in absence seizures.
Ingenol mebutate is a topical agent used for the treatment of actinic keratosis.
Pazopanib is an antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of advanced renal cell cancer and advanced soft tissue sarcoma in patients with prior chemotherapy.
Fenoldopam is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist used for the short term management of hypertension.
Dicyclomine is an antimuscarinic agent used to treat IBS.
Alfentanil is an opioid agonist used to induce and maintain anesthesia, as well as an analgesic.
Icatibant is a bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist used to treat acute episodes of swelling and inflammation associated with hereditary angioedema (HAE).
Nicorandil is a vasodilatory drug that functions through potassium channels and intracellular cGMP concentrations commonly used to treat angina.
Leucovorin is a folate analog used to treat the toxic effects of methotrexate and other folate antagonists, to treat megaloblastic anemia, and to provide palliative treatment of colorectal cancer.
Carbachol is a direct acting miotic agent administered ophthalmically to decrease intraocular pressure after cataract surgery, and to induce miosis during surgery.
Rosiglitazone is a thiazolidinedione indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to maintain glycemic control in type 2 diabetes.
Latanoprost is an isopropyl ester prodrug used to treat increased intraocular pressure.
Dyphylline is a theophylline derivative used to treat asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.
Mupirocin is an antibacterial ointment used to treat impetigo and secondary skin infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and Streptococcus pyogenes.
Pentazocine is an analgesic used to treat moderate to severe pain.
Testolactone is a medication used to treat advanced breast cancer.
Ampicillin is a penicillin derivative used for the treatment of a variety of infections caused by gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria as well as some anaerobes.
Mecamylamine is a nicotine antagonist used to treat moderate to severe essential hypertension and uncomplicated malignant hypertension.
Remifentanil is an opioid analgesic used in anesthesia.
Sevelamer is a phosphate binder used to treat hyperphosphatemia.
Pramipexole is a non-ergot dopamine agonist used to treat the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS).
Estrone is an estrogen used to treat perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
Triazolam is a benzodiazepine used for short term treatment of insomnia.
Trazodone is a serotonin uptake inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorder.
Dalmacol, Gattex, Healing Waters Aloe Cucumber Hand Sanitizer, Healing Waters Cotton Blossom Hand Sanitizer, Healing Waters Lemon Verbena Hand Sanitizer, Healing Waters Peach Nectarine Hand Sanitizer, Lupaneta Pack 1-month, Viva-drops Lubricating Eye Drops
Miglustat is a glucosylceramide synthase inhibitor used for the management of mild to moderate type I Gaucher disease for patients who are not candidates for whole enzyme replacement.
Acamprosate is a medication used to maintain alcohol abstinence in patients with alcohol dependence.
Secobarbital is a barbiturate used for the short-term treatment of insomnia.
Metaxalone is a muscle relaxant used to treat muscle pain or spasm.
Verapamil is a non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker used in the treatment of angina, arrhythmia, and hypertension.
Methylphenidate is a stimulant used in the management of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
Methocarbamol is a CNS depressant indicated with rest, physical therapy and other treatments to control the discomfort associated with various acute musculoskeletal conditions.
Nilutamide is an antineoplastic hormone used to treat prostate cancer.
Trimethobenzamide is an antiemetic used to treat postoperative nausea and vomiting and nausea associated with gastroenteritis.
Spironolactone is an aldosterone receptor antagonist used to treat edema, hypertension, heart failure, and aldosteronism.
Flumethasone is a corticosteroid used to treat contact dermatitis, atopic dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis, diaper rash, and other skin conditions.
Famciclovir is a nucleoside analog DNA polymerase inhibitor used for the treatment of recurrent cold sores and genital herpes in healthy patients and patients with HIV, and to manage herpes zoster.
Epinephrine is a hormone and neurotransmitter used to treat allergic reactions, to restore cardiac rhythm, and to control mucosal congestion, glaucoma, and asthma.
Sumatriptan is a serotonin receptor agonist used to treat migraines and cluster headaches.
Hyoscyamine is an anticholinergic indicated to treat functional gastrointestinal disorders, biliary and renal colic, and acute rhinitis.
Nafarelin is a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist used to treat central precocious puberty.
Zolpidem is a sedative hypnotic used for the short-term treatment of insomnia to improve sleep latency.
Streptozocin is a nitrosourea antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of metastatic pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.
Methylene blue is an oxidation-reduction agent used for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients with acquired methemoglobinemia.
Moxonidine is an imidazoline/α-2 receptor agonist used to treat hypertension, especially in cases where ACE inhibitors, β-blockers, calcium channel blockers, and thiazides are not appropriate or provide inadequate blood pressure control.
Cefixime is a third generation cephalosporin used to treat susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacterial infections.
Chlorpropamide is a sulfonylurea used in the treatment of non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Prochlorperazine is a phenothiazine derivative used in the treatment of schizophrenia and anxiety and to relieve severe nausea and vomiting.
Tamoxifen is a selective estrogen receptor modulator used to treat estrogen receptor positive breast cancer, reduce the risk of invasive breast cancer following surgery, or reduce the risk of breast cancer in high risk women.
Cyproheptadine is a combined serotonin and histamine antagonist used in the treatment of allergic symptoms, for appetite stimulation, and off-label in the treatment of serotonin syndrome.
Benzyl benzoate is a topical treatment for scabies and lice.
Lindane is an ectoparasiticide and ovicide used in the treatment of Pediculosis humanis capitis (head lice) and Phthirus pubis (crab lice).
Aprepitant is a substance P/neurokinin 1 receptor antagonist used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy and surgery.
Trifluridine is a nucleoside metabolic inhibitor used to treat keratoconjunctivitis and epithelial keratitis caused by simplex virus, and as a part of chemotherapy for certain types of metastatic gastrointestinal cancers.
Galantamine is a cholinesterase inhibitor used to manage mild to moderate dementia associated with Alzheimer's Disease.
Allopurinol is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor used to reduce urinary and serum uric acid concentrations in patients with gout, recurrent calcium oxalate calculi, and various malignancies.
Thioridazine is a phenothiazine antipsychotic used to treat schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
Ceftazidime is an injected broad-spectrum third-generation cephalosporin beta-lactam antibiotic used to treat or prevent a variety of bacterial infections, including pneumonia, gynecological infections, bone and joint infections, and septicemia, among others.
Nitric Oxide is a vasodilating agent used in the treatment of hypoxic respiratory failure in premature neonates.
Losartan is an angiotensin receptor blocker used to treat hypertension and diabetic nephropathy, and is used to reduce the risk of stroke.
Cerivastatin is a statin (or HMG CoA reductase inhibitor) used with dietary changes to decrease lipid levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular events.
Trimethoprim is an antifolate antibiotic often used in combination with sulfamethoxazole to treat a number of infections, including those of the urinary tract, respiratory tract, and gastrointestinal tract.
Warfarin is a vitamin K antagonist used to treat venous thromboembolism, pulmonary embolism, thromboembolism with atrial fibrillation, thromboembolism with cardiac valve replacement, and thromboembolic events post myocardial infarction.
Gemcitabine is a nucleoside metabolic inhibitor used as adjunct therapy in the treatment of certain types of ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung carcinoma, metastatic breast cancer, and as a single agent for pancreatic cancer.
Midazolam is a short-acting benzodiazepine with rapid onset that is commonly used in seizures, anesthesia and anxiety disorders.
Amphotericin B is an antifungal used to treat fungal infections in neutropenic patients, cryptococcal meningitis in HIV infection, fungal infections, and leishmaniasis.
Succinylcholine is a depolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant used adjunctly to anesthesia and for skeletal muscle relaxation during intubation, mechanical ventilation, and surgical procedures.
Teniposide is a cytotoxic drug used as an adjunct for chemotherapy induction in the treatment of refractory childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Pentosan polysulfate is a sulfated pentosyl polysaccharide used to treat bladder pain and discomfort due to interstitial cystitis.
Sildenafil is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.
Epirubicin is an anthracycline topoisomerase II inhibitor used as an adjuvant to treating axillary node metastases in patients who have undergone surgical resection of primary breast cancer.
Fludrocortisone is a mineralocorticoid used to treat adrenocortical insufficiency and salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome.
Hydroxocobalamin is a synthetic form of vitamin B12 used to treat vitamin B12 associated disorders and cyanide poisoning.
Entecavir is a nucleoside analogue used in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B for patients with active viral replication, histological evidence of active disease, or persistent elevations in liver transaminases.
Tobramycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used to treat cystic fibrosis-associated bacterial, lower respiratory tract, urinary tract, eye, skin, bone, and skin structure infections.
Caffeine is a stimulant present in tea, coffee, cola beverages, analgesic drugs, and agents used to increase alertness. It is also used in to prevent and treat pulmonary complications of premature birth.
Trovafloxacin is an antibiotic used to treat gonorrhea and chlamydia.
Bromhexine is a mucolytic drug used to decrease the viscosity of mucus in the airway, enhancing mucus clearance.
Reserpine is an adrenergic blocking agent used to treat mild to moderate hypertension via the disruption of norepinephrine vesicular storage.
Lansoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor used to help gastrointestinal ulcers heal, to treat symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), to eradicate Helicobacter pylori, and to treat hypersecretory conditions such as Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome.
Azithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat a variety of bacterial infections.
Dipivefrin is a prodrug of epinephrine used in ophthalmic solutions to reduce intraocular pressure in chronic open-angle glaucoma.
Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic drug used for the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm and cardioversion in cases of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter.
Chloramphenicol is a broad spectrum antibiotic that is effective against a variety of susceptible and serious bacterial infections but is not frequently used because of its high risk of bone marrow toxicity.
Mycophenolate mofetil is an inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor used to prevent the rejection of kidney, heart, or liver transplants.
Pyrimethamine is an antiparasitic drug used in the prevention and treatment of toxoplasmosis and malaria.
Ticlopidine is a platelet aggregation inhibitor used in the prevention of conditions associated with thrombi, such as stroke and transient ischemic attacks (TIA).
Trospium is an antimuscarinic agent used to treat the symptoms of overactive bladder (OAB).
Chloroquine is an antimalarial drug used to treat susceptible infections with P. vivax, P. malariae, P. ovale, and P. falciparum. It is also used for second line treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
Ethionamide is a second line antitubercular agent used to treat tuberculosis when other treatments have failed.
Rimonabant is an anorectic anti-obesity drug produced and marketed by Sanofi-Aventis. It is an inverse agonist for the cannabinoid receptor CB1.
Protirelin is a synthetic analogue of thyrotropin-releasing hormone that has been used during diagnostic tests to evaluate function of the thyroid gland.
Acetylcysteine is a medication that can be used as a mucolytic in patients with certain lung conditions and as an antidote for acetaminophen overdose.
Dacarbazine is an antineoplastic agent used to treat malignant melanoma and Hodgkin's disease.
Perphenazine is a phenothiazine used to treat schizophrenia as well as nausea and vomiting.
Aminolevulinic acid is a porphyrin precursor used to treat actinic keratosis of the face, scalp, and upper extremities, as well as to visualize a glioma.
Butorphanol is an opioid agonist-antagonist used to treat moderate to severe pain.
Temozolomide is an alkylating agent used to treat glioblastoma multiforme and refractory anaplastic astrocytoma.
Bisoprolol is a beta-1 adrenergic blocking agent used to prevent myocardial infarction and heart failure and to treat mild to moderate hypertension.
Levorphanol is an opioid analgesic used to treat moderate to severe pain.
Penicillamine is a chelator used to treat Wilson's disease, cystinuria, and rheumatoid arthritis.
Demeclocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of susceptible bacterial infections.
Rifabutin is an antibiotic used to treat mycobacterium avium complex disease in patients with HIV.
Terbinafine is an allylamine antifungal used to treat dermatophyte infections of toenails and fingernails as well as other fungal skin infections.
Imatinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor used to treat a number of leukemias, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative disease, systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome, dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Triamcinolone is a glucocorticoid used to treat a wide variety of inflammatory conditions of organ systems and tissues.
Vardenafil is a phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction.
Oxandrolone is an androgenic hormone used to treat muscle loss from prolonged corticosteroid treatment and to treat bone pain associated with osteoporosis.
Ranitidine is a histamine H2 antagonist used to treat duodenal ulcers, Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, gastric ulcers, GERD, and erosive esophagitis.
Prednisolone is a glucocorticoid used to treat adrenocortical insufficiency, inflammatory conditions, and some cancers.
Diflunisal is an NSAID used to treat mild to moderate pain, inflammation, osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
Testosterone is a hormone used to treat hypogonadism, breast carcinoma in women, or the vasomotor symptoms of menopause.
Efavirenz is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used to treat HIV infection or prevent the spread of HIV.
Nicardipine is a calcium channel blocker used for the short-term treatment of hypertension and chronic stable angina.
Tacrolimus is a calcineurin inhibitor used to prevent organ transplant rejection and to treat moderate to severe atopic dermatitis.
Fluphenazine is a phenothiazine used to treat patients requiring long-term neuroleptic therapy.
Benzphetamine is a sympathomimetic used to manage exogenous obesity short term.
Clorazepic acid is a benzodiazepine used to treat anxiety, partial seizures, and alcohol withdrawal.
Bacitracin is a cyclic polypeptide antibiotic used to prevent wound infections, treat pneumonia and empyema in infants, and to treat skin and eye infections.
Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral antitussive drug used to suppress coughing.
Niacin is a B vitamin used to treat hypertriglyceridemia and pellagra.
Dorzolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used to treat high intraocular pressure in ocular hypertension and open angle glaucoma.
Romidepsin is a histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor used to treat cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.
Suprofen is an NSAID used to prevent pupil constriction in ocular surgery.
Clofarabine is a purine nucleoside used to treat relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia in patients 1 to 21 years old.
Loteprednol is a corticosteroid indicated in the treatment of pain and inflammation after cataract surgery.
Docosanol is an antiviral used to treat orofacial herpes sores.
Guaifenesin is an expectorant commonly found in OTC products for the symptomatic relief from congested chests and coughs associated with cold, bronchitis, and/or other breathing illnesses.
Terbutaline is a beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and to prevent premature labor.
Alendronic acid is a bisphosphonate drug that prevents osteoclastic bone resorption which is used for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Conivaptan is an antidiuretic hormone inhibitor used to raise serum sodium levels.
Prednisone is a corticosteroid used to treat inflammation or immune-mediated reactions and to treat endocrine or neoplastic diseases.
Sirolimus is an mTOR inhibitor immunosuppressant used to prevent organ transplant rejections, treat lymphangioleiomyomatosis, and treat adults with perivascular epithelioid cell tumors.
Chlorhexidine is an antiseptic used to sterilize for surgeries and in healthcare practice, to reduce pocket depth in periodontitis, and to treat gingivitis.
Dexmedetomidine is an alpha-2 agonist used for sedation during various procedures.
Sulfacetamide is a sulfonamide used to treat inflammatory ocular conditions and acne vulgaris.
Eprosartan is an ARB used to treat hypertension, diabetic nephropathy, and congestive heart failure.
Butoconazole is an imidazole antifungal used to treat vulvovaginal candidiasis.
Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used for the treatment and prophylaxis of HIV.
Chlorothiazide is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension and edema in congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy.
Quinapril is an ACE inhibitor prodrug used to treat hypertension, congestive heart failure, and slow rate of progression of renal disease.
Griseofulvin is an antifungal agent used to treat a variety of superficial tinea infections and fungal infections of the fingernails and toes.
Pemetrexed is a folate analog used to treat mesothelioma and non-small cell lung cancer.
Risedronic acid is a bisphosphonate used to treat osteoporosis and Paget's disease.
Nisoldipine is a calcium channel blocker used as monotherapy or combined with other drugs for the treatment of hypertension.
Mebendazole is a benzimidazole anthelmintic used to treat helminth infections.
Pemirolast is a medication used to treat allergies such as hay fever and allergic conjunctivitis.
Adenosine is a medication used in myocardial perfusion scintigraphy and to treat supraventricular tachycardia.
Simvastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower lipid levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular events including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Isosorbide dinitrate is a vasodilator used to treat angina in coronary artery disease.
Alprazolam is a triazolobenzodiazepine with intermediate onset commonly used to treat panic disorders and generalized anxiety in addition to anxiety associated with depression.
Nystatin is a polyene ionophore antifungal used to treat cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and gastrointestinal mycotic infections, particularly those caused by Candida species.
Mechlorethamine is an antineoplastic agent used to treat Hodgkin's disease, lymphosarcoma, and chronic myelocytic or lymphocytic leukemia.
Granisetron is a 5HT3 antagonist used to treat nausea and vomiting in cancer therapy and postoperatively.
Eszopiclone is a sedative-hypnotic used in the treatment of insomnia, improving both the latency phase and the maintenance phase of sleep.
Gonadorelin is a synthetic GnRH used to test the function of gonadotropes and the pituitary.
Bumetanide is a sulfamyl diuretic used to treat edema in congestive heart failure, hepatic and renal disease, and nephrotic syndrome.
Loxapine is a antipsychotic used for the treatment of schizophrenia.
Mitotane is an adrenal cortex inhibitor used to treat adrenocortical tumors and Cushing's syndrome.
Stavudine is a dideoxynucleoside used in the treatment of HIV infection.
Miglitol is an oral alpha-glucosidase inhibitor used to improve glycemic control by delaying the digestion of carbohydrates.
Dapsone is a sulfone drug used to treat acne vulgaris, Hansen's disease, and dermatitis herpetiformis.
Fosinopril is an ACE inhibitor used to treat mild to moderate hypertension, congestive heart failure, and to slow the progression of renal disease in hypertensive diabetics.
Oxprenolol is a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist used to treat hypertension, angina pectoris, arrhythmias, and anxiety.
Vortioxetine is a serotonin modulating antidepressant indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD).
Buspirone is an anxiolytic agent used for short-term treatment of generalized anxiety and second-line treatment of depression.
Medrysone is a topical glucocorticoid applied ophthalmically for the treatment of various ocular inflammatory or allergic conditions.
Zidovudine is a dideoxynucleoside used in the treatment of HIV infection.
Capecitabine is a nucleoside metabolic inhibitor indicated to treat different gastrointestinal, including pancreatic cancer, and breast cancer.
Doxycycline is a tetracycline antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of bacterial infections.
Darifenacin is an M3 muscarinic receptor blocker used to treat urinary incontinence.
Pimozide is an antipsychotic used to manage debilitating motor and phonic tics in patients with Tourette's Disorder.
Febuxostat is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor used for the management of chronic hyperuricemia in adults with gout who have an inadequate response or intolerance to allopurinol.
Terconazole is an antifungal drug used in the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
Cefotaxime is a third generation cephalosporin used to treat susceptible Gram negative and Gram positive bacterial infections.
Dronedarone is an antiarrhythmic agent used in the reduce the risk of hospitalization in patients with paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation.
Phenytoin is an anticonvulsant drug used in the prophylaxis and control of various types of seizures.
Entacapone is a selective reversible catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Cilazapril is an ACE inhibitor used for the management of hypertension and heart failure.
Clotrimazole is a topical broad-spectrum antifungal agent used for the treatment of a wide variety of dermatophyte infections and candidiasis.
Flutamide is an antiandrogen used for locally confined stage B2-C and D-2 metastatic prostate carcinoma.
Sibutramine is a norepinephrine, serotonin and dopamine reuptake inhibitor indicated to assist with weight loss in obesity.
Quazepam is a long-acting benzodiazepine used to manage insomnia.
Calcium acetate is a phosphate binder used in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) to prevent elevated phosphate levels and resulting ectopic calcification and secondary hyperparathyroidism.
Sertraline is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) indicated to treat major depressive disorder, social anxiety disorder and many other psychiatric conditions.
Oxycodone is an opioid used in the management of moderate to severe pain.
Goserelin is a synthetic analog of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone used to treat breast cancer and prostate cancer by reducing secretion of gonadotropins from the pituitary.
Lymecycline is a tetracycline antibiotic used for the treatment of acne vulgaris and other susceptible infections.
Sulfanilamide is a sulfonamide anti-infective used to treat vulvovaginal candidiasis caused by Candida albicans.
Levocabastine is a selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist indicated for the management of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis symptoms.
Cycloserine is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in the treatment of tuberculosis and certain urinary tract infections (UTI).
Iron is an essential element commonly used for the treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency.
Anagrelide is a platelet-reducing agent used to treat thrombocythemia, and its related complications, secondary to myeloproliferative neoplasms.
Everolimus is a mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase inhibitor used to treat various types of malignancies.
Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist used as a long-term maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
Metoprolol is a beta-blocker used in the treatment of hypertension and angina, and used to reduce mortality due to myocardial infarction.
Cefuroxime is a cephalosporin indicated for the treatment of a variety of infections including acute bacterial otitis media, several upper respiratory tract infections, skin infections, urinary tract infections, gonorrhea, early Lyme disease, and impetigo.
Crotamiton is a topical scabicidal and antipruritic agent used for scabies eradication and for the relief of pruritus.
Colistimethate is an antibiotic indicated for treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of certain gram-negative bacilli. It is particularly useful for targeting sensitive strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Nitrazepam is a long-acting benzodiazepine with intermediate onset commonly used to treat panic disorders, severe anxiety, insomnia, and seizures.
Methylnaltrexone is a μ-opioid antagonist used for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation in palliative patients that are inadequately responding to laxative therapy.
Carmustine is an alkylating agent used in the treatment of various malignancies, including brain tumours and multiple myeloma, among others.
Miconazole is an azole antifungal with broad-spectrum activity used to treat fungal infections affecting the vagina, mouth and skin, including candidiasis.
Amobarbital is a barbiturate derivative used for the induction of sedation during procedures, short-term management of insomnia, and acute management of refractory tonic-clonic seizures.
Zinc is an essential element commonly used for the treatment of patients with documented zinc deficiency.
Nepafenac is an ophthalmic NSAID used for the symptomatic treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist used to treat the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and Restless Legs Syndrome.
Nifedipine is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker indicated for the management of several subtypes of angina pectoris, and hypertension.
Nebivolol is a beta blocking agent used to treat hypertension and aid in the management of heart failure.
Lithium cation is a drug used for the management of bipolar disorder and other psychiatric conditions.
Papaverine is an alkaloid used to treat many types of smooth muscle spasms such as "vascular spasms" associated with acute myocardial infarction and angina pectoris, as well as "visceral spasms".
Plerixafor is a CXCR4 antagonist used in combination with granulocyte-colony stimulating factor to mobilize hematopoietic stem cells to the peripheral blood for collection and autologous transplantation in patients with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and multiple myeloma.
Diazoxide is a non diuretic benzothiadiazine indicated for the management of hypoglycemia in patients who produce an excess of insulin caused by a variety of conditions.
Amiodarone is a class III antiarrhythmic indicated for the treatment of recurrent hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia and recurrent ventricular fibrillation.
Atovaquone is an antimicrobial indicated for the prevention and treatment of Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia (PCP) and for the prevention and treatment of Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Penbutolol is a beta-adrenergic antagonist used for the management of mild to moderate arterial hypertension, alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
Nilotinib is a kinase inhibitor used for the chronic phase treatment of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CML) that is Philadelphia chromosome positive and for the treatment of CML that is resistant to therapy containing imatinib.
Tetracaine is a local anaesthetic agent used to induce local analgesia in the eyes and skin during medical procedures.
Benzydamine is a locally-acting NSAID indicated for the symptomatic relief of pain in acute sore throat and for the symptomatic relief of oropharyngeal mucositis caused by radiation therapy.
Olodaterol is a long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema.
Diatrizoate is an injected contrast agent used in radiology.
Isradipine is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker used for the treatment of hypertension.
Olmesartan is an angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) used in the treatment of hypertension.
Amsacrine is a cytotoxic agent used to induce remission in acute adult leukemia that is not adequately responsive to other agents.
Ephedrine is an alpha and beta-adrenergic agonist indicated to treat hypotension under anesthesia, allergic conditions, bronchial asthma, and nasal congestion.
Vildagliptin is a once-daily dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4) inhibitor used in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Topiramate is an anticonvulsant drug used in the control of epilepsy and in the prophylaxis and treatment of migraines.
Gliclazide is a sulfonylurea used to treat hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Iohexol is a contrast agent for intrathecal administration used in myelography and contrast enhancement for computerized tomography.
Pralatrexate is an antineoplastic agent used for the treatment of relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
Liothyronine is a thyroid hormone replacement therapy used to treat hypothyroidism, to suppress TSH, and to help in the diagnosis of hyperthyroidism.
Econazole is a topical antifungal used to treat tinea pedis, tinea cruris, tinea corporis, cutaneous candidiasis and tinea versicolor.
Lorcaserin is a serotonin 2C receptor agonist used in conjunction with physical activity and calorie restriction for weight loss in obese patients with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 and above, and in overweight patients with weight-related comorbidities.
Dutasteride is an antiandrogenic compound that is used for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in adult males by inhibiting 5-alpha reductase.
Desmopressin is a synthetic analog of vasopressin used to reduce renal excretion of water in central diabetes insipidus and nocturia.
Theophylline is a xanthine used to manage the symptoms of asthma, COPD, and other lung conditions caused by reversible airflow obstruction.
Rasagiline is an irreversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase used for the symptomatic management of idiopathic Parkinson's disease as initial monotherapy and as adjunct therapy to levodopa.
Argatroban is a synthetic direct thrombin inhibitor used for the prevention and treatment of thrombosis related to heparin use.
Tolbutamide is a sulfonylurea used to treat hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Rabeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor used to help gastrointestinal ulcers heal, to treat symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), to eradicate Helicobacter pylori, and to treat hypersecretory conditions such as Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome.
Bicalutamide is an androgen receptor inhibitor used to treat Stage D2 metastatic carcinoma of the prostate.
Raltegravir is an antiretroviral agent used for the treatment of HIV infections in conjunction with other antiretrovirals.
Benzoyl peroxide is an antibacterial and anti-inflammatory agent used for the symptomatic treatment of mild to moderate acne vulgaris and rosacea.
Pamidronic acid is a bisphosphonate used to treat Paget's disease, to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy, and to treat osteolytic bone lesions.
Clemastine is an antihistamine with sedative and anticholinergic effects used to treat the symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
Disopyramide is a class 1A antiarrhythmic agent used to treat life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
Lidocaine is a local anesthetic used in a wide variety of superficial and invasive procedures.
Conjugated estrogens is a mixture of estrogens used in estrogen replacement therapy for menopause and hypoestrogenism, used in the treatment of various malignancies, and used in the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Tiopronin is a thiol agent indicated for the prevention of kidney stone formation in patients with severe homozygous cystinuria.
Travoprost is a prostaglandin analog used in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure due to open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate used for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone.
Acarbose is an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor used in adjunctly with diet and exercise for the management of glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pioglitazone is a thiazolidinedione used adjunctively with diet and exercise to normalize glycemic levels in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Triptorelin is a GnRH agonist indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
Venlafaxine is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) used for the treatment of major depression, generalized or social anxiety disorder, and panic disorder.
Proguanil is a medication indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Levofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used to treat infections caused by susceptible bacteria of the upper respiratory tract, skin and skin structures, urinary tract, and prostate, as well as for post-exposure treatment of inhaled anthrax and the plague.
Amcinonide is a topical corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and pruritus due to a variety of dermatoses.
Carvedilol is a non selective beta-adrenergic antagonist used to treat mild to severe chronic heart failure, hypertension, and left ventricular dysfunction following myocardial infarction in clinically stable patients.
Magnesium hydroxide is used primarily in "Milk of Magnesia", a white aqueous, mildly alkaline suspension of magnesium hydroxide formulated at about 8%w/v.
Atomoxetine is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) used in the management of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
Sulconazole is a topical antifungal agent used for the treatment of tinea cruris, tinea corporis, and tinea versicolor caused by susceptible fungal strains.
Unoprostone is a prostaglandin analogue used to lower intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension who are clinically unresponsive to other ocular antihypertensive agents.
Bisacodyl is a stimulant laxative used for the temporary relief of occasional constipation and cleansing of the colon as a preparation for colonoscopy in adults.
Strontium ranelate is a medication used for the management of severe osteoporosis in high-risk postmenopausal women and adult men.
Aliskiren is a direct renin inhibitor used to manage hypertension.
Lixisenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist used for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Flurazepam is a long-acting benzodiazepine with a rapid onset of action that is commonly used to treat insomnia.
Levothyroxine is a synthetic T4 hormone used to treat hypothyroidism that can be used along with surgery and radioiodine therapy to manage thyrotropin-dependent well-differentiated thyroid cancer.
Fluorescein is a dye used in angiography or angioscopy of the iris and retina.
Adapalene is a third-generation topical retinoid with anti-comedogenic, comedolytic, and anti-inflammatory properties used to treat acne vulgaris in adolescents and adults.
Daunorubicin is an anthracycline aminoglycoside used to induce remission of nonlymphocytic leukemia and acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Moexipril is an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor prodrug used to treat hypertension.
Droperidol is a butyrophenone derivative and dopamine antagonist used to prevent and treat postoperative nausea and vomiting.
Phentolamine is an alpha-adrenergic blocker used to treat hypertensive episodes, diagnose pheochromocytoma, treat norepinephrine administration site reactions, and reverse soft tissue anesthesia and mydriasis.
Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor used to treat erosive esophagitis, gastric acid hypersecretion, and to promote healing of tissue damage caused by gastric acid.
Loratadine is a second generation antihistamine used to manage the symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
Tizanidine is an alpha-2 adrenergic agonist used for the short-term treatment of muscle spasticity.
Oxtriphylline is a bronchodilator used for the treatment of asthma, bronchitis, COPD, and emphysema.
Torasemide is a diuretic used to treat hypertension and edema associated with heart failure, renal failure, or liver disease.
Nitrofurantoin is an antibiotic used to treat urinary tract infections.
Flunitrazepam is a benzodiazepine used to manage anxiety disorders and insomnia.
Midodrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist used to treat orthostatic hypotension.
Furosemide is a loop diuretic used to treat hypertension and edema in congestive heart failure, liver cirrhosis, renal disease, and hypertension.
Meperidine is an opioid agonist with analgesic and sedative properties used to manage severe pain.
Ergotamine is an alpha-1 selective adrenergic agonist vasoconstrictor used to treat migraines with or without aura and cluster headaches.
Acitretin is an oral retinoid used in the treatment of severe psoriasis.
Terlipressin is a drug used to treat bleeding caused by esophageal varices.
Moxifloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used to treat various bacterial infections.
Citalopram is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) used in the treatment of depression.
Prazosin is an alpha-blocker that causes a decrease in total peripheral resistance and is used to treat hypertension.
Eletriptan is a triptan used for the treatment of migraines.
Imipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant indicated for the treatment of depression and to reduce childhood enuresis.
Vorapaxar is a platelet aggregation inhibitor used to reduce thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI) or peripheral arterial disease (PAD).
Levoleucovorin is a folate analog used after high dose methotrexate for osteosarcoma, to reduce the toxic effects of folate analogs, and with 5-fluorouracil in palliative treatment of advanced metastatic colorectal cancer.
Empagliflozin is an SGLT2 inhibitor used to manage type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Suvorexant is a orexin receptor antagonist used to treat insomnia that is characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance.
Nelfinavir is a viral protease inhibitor used in the treatment of HIV infection.
Dihydrocodeine is an opioid analgesic agent used for the management of pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate.
Verteporfin is a benzoporphyrin derivative used to treat pathological myopia, ocular histoplasmosis, and choroidal neovascularization in macular degeneration.
Nabumetone is an NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Indinavir is a protease inhibitor used to treat HIV infection.
Gadodiamide is a gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with contrasted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect and visualize lesions and abnormal vascularity.
Glimepiride is a sulfonylurea drug used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ketorolac is an NSAID used to treat moderate to severe pain, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, menstrual disorders, and headaches.
Enflurane is a halogenated inhalational anesthetic agent used for the induction and maintenance of anesthesia and for analgesia during labor and delivery.
Quinine is an alkaloid used to treat uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Bromazepam is a short-acting benzodiazepine with intermediate onset commonly used to treat panic disorders and severe anxiety.
Lovastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower LDL cholesterol and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and associated conditions, including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Fosamprenavir is an antiretroviral agent used for the treatment and postexposure prophylaxis of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) infection.
Tavaborole is an antifungal agent used to treat onychomycosis, a fungal infection of the nail.
Efinaconazole is an antifungal agent used to treat onychomycosis, a fungal infection of the nail.
Dronabinol is a synthetic delta-9-THC used in the treatment of anorexia and weight loss in HIV patients as well as nausea and vomiting in cancer chemotherapy.
Temazepam is a short-acting benzodiazepine commonly used to treat panic disorders, severe anxiety, and insomnia.
Methyclothiazide is a diuretic drug used to treat hypertension and edema caused by heart failure, renal conditions, treatment with corticosteroids, and estrogen therapy.
Methohexital is an anesthetic used to induce deep sedation.
Fosphenytoin is an antiepileptic agent used for the management of generalized convulsive status epilepticus and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during neurosurgery.
Montelukast is a leukotriene receptor antagonist used as part of an asthma therapy regimen, to prevent exercise induced bronchoconstriction, and to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Pregabalin is an anticonvulsant drug used to treat neuropathic pain conditions and fibromyalgia, and for the treatment of partial onset seizures in combination with other anticonvulsants.
Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorder, bulimia, OCD, premenstrual dysphoric disorder, panic disorder, and bipolar I.
Milrinone is a PDE-III inhibitor with inotropic, lusitropic, and vasodilatory properties used for the short-term treatment of acute decompensated heart failure.
Chlorpromazine is a phenothiazine antipsychotic used to treat nausea, vomiting, preoperative anxiety, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and severe behavioral problems in children.
Rimantadine is an RNA synthesis inhibitor used to prevent influenza A infection.
Polythiazide is a thiazide diuretic used in the management of hypertension and treatment of edema.
Aminosalicylic acid is an aminosalicylate drug used to induce remission in ulcerative colitis.
Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine used to treat the withdrawal symptoms of acute alcoholism, to treat preoperative anxiety, and to treat anxiety over a short term period.
Reboxetine is a drug used for the acute treatment of major depression and for maintenance therapy of depression.
Duloxetine is a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor used to treat generalized anxiety disorder, neuropathic pain, osteoarthritis, and stress incontinence.
Oxiconazole is a topical antifungal used to treat a variety of dermatophyte infections.
Cyproterone acetate is a steroid used in combination with ethinyl estradiol to treat women with severe acne and symptoms of androgenization. Also used alone at much higher doses for palliative treatment of patients with prostate cancer
Cholic Acid is a bile acid used for the treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects and as an adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders with disrupted liver function.
Butabarbital is a barbiturate drug used as a sedative and hypnotic.
Amikacin is an aminoglycoside used to treat infections caused by more resistant strains of Gram negative bacteria and some Gram positive bacteria.
Cefazolin is a broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic mainly used for the treatment of skin bacterial infections and other moderate to severe bacterial infections in the lung, bone, joint, stomach, blood, heart valve, and urinary tract.
Nevirapine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used as part of a management regimen for HIV-1 virus infection.
Maraviroc is a CCR5 co-receptor antagonist used with other antiretroviral medications to treat CCR5-tropic HIV-1 infection.
Lenalidomide is a thalidomide derivative used to treat multiple myeloma and anemia in low to intermediate risk myelodysplastic syndrome.
Raloxifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator that is used to prevent and treat osteoporosis and reduce the risk of invasive breast cancer in high-risk postmenopausal women.
Cladribine is a purine antimetabolite used for the management of relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), used in patients who have not responded to or who were unable to tolerate alternative MS drugs.
Brimonidine is an alpha-2 adrenergic agonist used to treat glaucoma and ocular hypertension, as well as facial erythema in rosacea.
Ceftizoxime is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic used in the treatment of various bacterial infections, including lower respiratory tract infection, urinary tract infection, and gonorrhea.
Ranolazine is an anti-anginal drug used for the treatment of chronic angina.
Dicloxacillin is a penicillin used to treat penicillinase-producing bacterial infections that are susceptible to the drug.
Cefoxitin is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic for parenteral administration used for the treatment of serious bacterial infections, such as urinary tract infection, blood infection, bone and joint infection, and lower respiratory tract infection.
Tromethamine is a proton acceptor used for the prevention and correction of metabolic acidosis associated with various clinical conditions, such as cardiac bypass surgery.
Mepenzolate is a postganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor that was previously approved for improving the healing of gastric ulcers, but has been discontinued.
Alclometasone is a topical corticosteroid used to relieve the symptoms of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
Celecoxib is an NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, menstrual symptoms, and to reduce polyps is familial adenomatous polyposis.
Cefotetan is an antibiotic medication used for the prophylaxis and treatment of various bacterial infections, including urinary tract infections, bone and joint infection, and lower respiratory tract infections.
Tetrabenazine is a vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT) inhibitor used for the management of chorea associated with Huntington's Disease.
Ixabepilone is a microtubule inhibitor administered in combination with capecitabine or alone in the treatment of metastatic or locally advanced breast cancer that has shown inadequate response to taxanes and anthracyclines.
Ziprasidone is an atypical antipsychotic used to manage schizophrenia, bipolar mania, and agitation in patients with schizophrenia.
Altretamine is an antineoplastic agent used in palliative treatment of persistent or recurrent ovarian cancer.
Methysergide is an ergot alkaloid used for the prophylaxis of migraine and cluster headaches.
Sotalol is a methane sulfonanilide beta adrenergic antagonist used to treat life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias and to maintain sinus rhythm in atrial fibrillation or flutter.
Metamfetamine is a sympathomimetic agent used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and exogenous obesity.
Mesalazine is an aminosalicylate drug used to treat mild to moderate active ulcerative colitis and also to maintain remission once achieved.
Nabilone is a synthetic delta-9-THC used in the treatment of anorexia and weight loss in HIV patients as well as nausea and vomiting in cancer chemotherapy.
Dextroamphetamine is a sympathomimetic agent used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy.
Ethanolamine is widely distributed in biological tissue and is a component of lecithin. It is used as a surfactant, fluorimetric reagent, and to remove CO2 and H2S from natural gas and other gases.
Vecuronium is a nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent used to relax muscles or as an adjunct in general anesthesia during surgical procedures.
Bivalirudin is a direct thrombin inhibitor used to treat heparin-induced thrombocytopenia and to prevent thrombosis during percutaneous coronary intervention.
Cabergoline is a dopamine receptor agonist used for the treatment of hyperprolactinemic conditions due to various causes.
Idoxuridine is a pyrimidine analog antiviral used for the treatment of viral eye infections, including herpes simplex keratitis.
Pancuronium is a neuromuscular blocker used as an adjunct to general anesthesia to facilitate tracheal intubation and to provide skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation.
Phendimetrazine is a sympathomimetic amine used as adjunct therapy for the short term management of exogenous obesity.
Celiprolol is a beta-blocker for the management of hypertension and angina pectoris.
Cyclosporine is a steroid-sparing immunosuppressant used in organ and bone marrow transplants as well as inflammatory conditions such as ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis, and atopic dermatitis.
Ifosfamide is an alkylating and immunosuppressive agent used in chemotherapy for the treatment of cancers, including testicular cancer, ovarian cancer, cervical cancer, osteocarcinoma, bladder cancer, small cell lung cancer, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Rescinnamine is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug. It is an alkaloid obtained from Rauwolfia serpentina and other species of Rauwolfia.
Fluoxymesterone is a synthetic androgenic anabolic steroid that used in the treatment of hypogonadism and delayed puberty in males, as well as breast neoplasms in women.
Domperidone is a dopamine receptor antagonist used as a peristaltic stimulant and anti-emetic agent for dyspepsia, indigestion, epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting.
Naloxone is an opioid receptor antagonist used to rapidly reverse an opioid overdose. Also included in some drug formulations as an abuse deterrent to prevent injection.
Propafenone is a Class 1C antiarrhythmic agent used in the management of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation/flutter and ventricular arrhythmias.
Desflurane is a general inhalation anesthetic for inpatient and outpatient surgery in adults.
Lurasidone is an atypical antipsychotic used to treat schizophrenia and depressive episodes associated with bipolar I disorder.
Ciclopirox is a broad-spectrum topical antifungal agent used to treat mild to moderate onychomycosis of fingernails and toenails in immunocompetent patients.
Ticagrelor is a P2Y12 platelet inhibitor used in patients with a history of myocardial infarction or with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to prevent future myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death.
Pergolide is a long-acting dopamine agonist that is uncommonly used for the management of Parkinson's disease, due to the risk for cardiac valvulopathy.
Dalfampridine is a potassium channel blocker used for the improvement of motor function in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS).
Acetylcholine is a parasympathomimetic neurotransmitter used to induce miosis of the iris in seconds after delivery of the lens in cataract surgery, in penetrating keratoplasty, iridectomy and other anterior segment surgery where rapid miosis may be required.
Tafluprost is an ophthalmic prostaglandin analog used to lower intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
Oxymorphone is an opioid analgesic used in the management of moderate-to-severe pain and for analgesic therapies.
Clindamycin is a lincosamide antibiotic used to treat serious infections caused by susceptible anaerobic, streptococcal, staphylococcal, and pneumococcal bacteria.
Estramustine is an antineoplastic agent used for the management of metastatic and/or progressive prostate cancer in palliative setting.
Flecainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent used to manage atrial fibrillation and paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias (PSVT).
Brinzolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
Acebutolol is a selective β1-receptor antagonist used for the management of hypertension and ventricular premature beats in adults.
Deferiprone is an iron chelator used to treat patients with transfusional iron overload caused by thalassemia syndromes.
Lomitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitor used to lower cholesterol associated with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH), reducing risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction and stroke.
Zopiclone is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic used for the short-term management of insomnia.
Captopril is an ACE inhibitor used for the management of essential or renovascular hypertension, congestive heart failure, left ventricular dysfunction following myocardial infarction, and nephropathy.
Bazedoxifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) used to treat moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms in menopause and osteoporosis alone or in combination with conjugated estrogens.
Azilsartan medoxomil is an angiotensin II receptor blocker used to treat hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents, such as chlorthalidone.
Spinosad is a pediculicide used topically to treat head lice.
Ambrisentan is a selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist used to treat primary pulmonary arterial hypertension and pulmonary arterial hypertension based on diagnostic classifications.
Ivacaftor is a cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) potentiator used alone or in combination products to treat cystic fibrosis in patients who have specific genetic mutations that are responsive to the medication.
Telavancin is an antibacterial agent used in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections and types of hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia.
Vismodegib is a hedgehog pathway inhibitor used to treat patients with locally advanced or metastatic basal cell carcinoma.
Doxercalciferol is a synthetic vitamin D2 analog used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease with or without therapy of dialysis.
Oxymetholone is an anabolic steroid used for the treatment of types of anemia, such as acquired aplastic anemia, congenital aplastic anemia, myelofibrosis, and the hypoplastic anemias.
Etravirine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used in the treatment of HIV-1 infections in combination with other antiretroviral agents.
Armodafinil is a stimulant used to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea, narcolepsy, or shift work disorder.
Pasireotide is a somatostatin analog used in the treatment of Cushing’s disease, specifically for those patients whom pituitary surgery is not appropriate.
Triclosan is an antimicrobial agent in clinical setting for disinfection, and prevention of spread and growth of bacteria, fungus, and mildew.
Bleomycin is a chemotherapy agent used to treat various malignancies, including head and neck malignancy, lymphoma, and testicular tumors, among others.
Bepotastine is an ophthalmic H1 antagonist used to treat itchiness associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
Raltitrexed is a folate analog thymidylate synthase inhibitor used in the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer.
Micafungin is an antifungal agent used for the treatment of candidemia, acute disseminated candidiasis, and certain other invasive Candida infections, and for the prophylaxis of Candida infections during stem cell transplantation.
Etonogestrel is a long-acting synthetic derived progestin contraceptive used in various devices such as contraceptive rings and intradermal implants.
Cefadroxil is a cephalosporin antibiotic used in the treatment of various bacterial infections, such as urinary tract infections, skin and skin structure infections, and tonsillitis.
Chlorambucil is a chemotherapy agent used in the management of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and malignant lymphomas.
Cetrorelix is a synthetic peptide antagonist of gonadotropin releasing hormone used to prevent luteinizing hormone surges in women undergoing assisted reproduction therapy.
Etomidate is a short-acting intravenous anesthetic indicated for the induction of anesthesia and supplementation of subpotent anesthesia during short operative procedures.
Bupivacaine is a local anesthetic used in a wide variety of superficial and invasive procedures.
Morphine is an opioid agonist used for the relief of moderate to severe acute and chronic pain.
Amifostine is a cytoprotective adjuvant used for reduction in the cumulative renal toxicity in patients with ovarian cancer and moderate to severe xerostomia in patients undergoing post-operative radiation treatment for head and neck cancer.
Ropivacaine is an amide-type local anesthetic used for local or regional anesthesia during surgery and for short-term management of acute pain.
Doxepin is a psychotropic agent used for the treatment of depression, anxiety, manic-depressive disorder, and insomnia.
Nefazodone is an antidepressant used in the treatment of depression.
Flavoxate is a muscarinic antagonist and spasmolytic used for the symptomatic relief of conditions associated with lack of muscle control in the bladder, such as dysuria, urgency, and nocturia.
Penciclovir is a topical nucleoside polymerase inhibitor used in the treatment of recurrent herpes labialis.
Milnacipran is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) used for the treatment of fibromyalgia and a short-term treatment of major depressive disorder.
Sodium bicarbonate is a compound used for the symptomatic treatment of heartburn, acid indigestion, and upset stomach as well as the treatment of metabolic acidosis associated with conditions such as severe renal disease and circulatory insufficiency due to shock.
Colchicine is an alkaloid used to treat gout and Familial Mediterranean Fever as well as prevent major cardiovascular events.
Desipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant used in the treatment of depression.
Bezafibrate is a lipid-lowering fibrate used in the management of primary and secondary hyperlipidaemia, when there is a lack of clinical improvement following lifestyle modifications or correction of the underlying disorder.
Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic used in the treatment of various bacterial infections, such as pharyngitis, tonsillitis, otitis media, and uncomplicated skin infections.
Bupropion is a norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor used in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), seasonal affective disorder (SAD), and as an aid to smoking cessation.
Gemifloxacin is a quinolone antibacterial agent used for the treatment of acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis and mild to moderate community-acquired pneumonia caused by susceptible bacteria.
Phencyclidine is similar to ketamine in structure and in many of its effects. Like ketamine, it can produce a dissociative state.
Apixaban is an anticoagulant used for the prophylaxis of stroke and systemic embolism in nonvalvular atrial fibrillation, and deep vein thrombosis(DVT) leading to pulmonary embolism(PE), including in patients after a hip or knee replacement surgery.
Sertaconazole is a topical antifungal agent used in the treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients.
Drospirenone is a progestin used in oral contraceptive pills for the prevention of pregnancy and other conditions.
Bretylium is a norepinephrine release inhibitor used for the prophylaxis and therapy of ventricular fibrillation, as well as the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
Trimetrexate is a folate antagonist used for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients as an alternative therapy in combination with leucovorin.
Salsalate is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent used in the symptomatic relief of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and related rheumatic disorders.
Terazosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic antagonist used in the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia and management of hypertension.
Chloroprocaine is a local anesthetic agent indicated for intrathecal injection in adults for the production of subarachnoid block, spinal anesthesia, or ocular surface anesthesia.
Itraconazole is a triazole antifungal agent used to treat various fungal infections, such as blastomycosis and onychomycosis.
Cilostazol is an antiplatelet agent and vasodilator used for the symptomatic relief of intermittent claudication.
Ofloxacin is an antibacterial agent used for the treatment of bacterial infections in many parts of the body, including the respiratory tract, kidney, skin, soft tissue, and urinary tract.
Bosutinib is an antineoplastic agent used for the treatment of chronic, accelerated, or blast phase Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) in adults with inadequate clinical response to other treatments.
Telaprevir is an NS3/4A viral protease inhibitor used in combination with other antivirals for the curative treatment of chronic Hepatitis C Virus infections.
Arsenic trioxide is a chemotherapeutic agent used in the treatment of refractory or relapsed acute promyelocytic leukemia in patients with prior retinoid and anthracycline chemotherapy.
Procarbazine is an antineoplastic agent indicated for the treatment of stage III and stage IV Hodgkin's disease in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents.
Phenobarbital is a long-lasting barbiturate and anticonvulsant used in the treatment of all types of seizures, except for absent seizures.
Orphenadrine is a muscarinic antagonist used as an adjunct for the symptomatic relief of musculoskeletal pain and discomfort.
Kanamycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic agent used in the treatment of various infections caused by susceptible bacteria.
Moclobemide is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor used in the treatment of major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder.
Nandrolone decanoate is an anabolic steroid indicated for the management of the anemia of renal insufficiency by increasing hemoglobin and red cell mass.
Idarubicin is an anthracycline antineoplastic agent used to treat acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in adults.
Cyclizine is an antihistamine and antiemetic drug used for the prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness, and vertigo.
Escitalopram is a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor used in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), and other select psychiatric disorders such as obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
Podofilox is a topical agent used for the treatment of external genital warts and perianal warts.
Misoprostol is a prostaglandin E1 analogue used to reduce the risk of NSAID-induced gastric ulcers and to terminate pregnancies.
Famotidine is a histamine H2 receptor antagonist used to treat duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers, GERD, and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.
Azacitidine is a pyrimidine nucleoside analogue used to treat certain subtypes of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Tofacitinib is a Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor used to treat rheumatic conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis, and ulcerative colitis.
Regorafenib is a kinase inhibitor used to treat patients with metastatic colorectal cancer, unresectable, locally advanced, or metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumors, and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Mirabegron is a beta-3 adrenergic agonist used to treat overactive bladder and neurogenic detrusor overactivity.
Linaclotide is a guanylate cyclase-C agonist used to treat different types of constipation, such as irritable bowel syndrome-related constipation, idiopathic constipation, and functional constipation.
Enzalutamide is a second-generation androgen receptor inhibitor used to treat castration-resistant prostate cancer and metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer.
Aclidinium is an inhaled long-acting anticholinergic used as a maintenance bronchodilator in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
Avanafil is a phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction.
Tipranavir is a protease inhibitor used to treat HIV-1 resistant to more than 1 protease inhibitor.
Salicylic acid is an acid used to treat acne, psoriasis, calluses, corns, keratosis pilaris, and warts.
Diethylpropion is an appetite suppressant used for the short term treatment of exogenous obesity in addition to calorie restriction.
Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant used to treat depressive illness, major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and anxiety associated with depression.
Salmeterol is a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist used to treat asthma and COPD.
Meclofenamic acid is an NSAID used to treat mild to moderate pain, primary dysmenorrhea, heavy menstrual blood loss, rheumatoid arthritis, and osteoarthritis.
Prucalopride is a 5-HT4 receptor agonist indicated to treat adults with chronic idiopathic constipation.
Amprenavir is a protease inhibitor used to treat HIV infection.
Zalcitabine is a dideoxynucleoside used to treat HIV.
Eplerenone is an aldosterone receptor antagonist used to improve survival of patients with symptomatic heart failure and to reduce blood pressure.
Delavirdine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used to treat HIV infection.
Fulvestrant is an estrogen receptor antagonist used to treat HR+ breast cancer that may also be HER2-.
Tamsulosin is an alpha-1A and alpha-1B adrenergic receptor antagonist used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia, ureteral stones, prostatitis, and female voiding dysfunction.
Methazolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used to treat open angle glaucoma and acute angle closure glaucoma.
Naltrexone is a narcotic antagonist used in opioid overdose.
Lamivudine is a reverse transcriptase inhibitor used to treat HIV and hepatitis B infections.
Felbamate is an anticonvulsant used to treat severe epilepsy.
Sufentanil is an opioid used to induce and maintain anesthesia, to act as an analgesic in labor and delivery, and to treat severe, acute pain.
Glycerin is commonly classified as an osmotic laxative but may act additionally or alternatively through its local irritant effects; it may also have lubricating and fecal softening actions. Glycerin suppositories usually work within 15 to 30 minutes.
Parecoxib is a selective COX-2 inhibitor and NSAID used for the short-term management of perioperative pain.
Fexofenadine is a selective H1-antagonist for the symptomatic treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and chronic idiopathic urticaria.
Hydroquinone is a topical brightening agent used for the treatment of skin disorders associated with hyperpigmentation including melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation, sunspots, and freckles.
Isoniazid is an antibiotic used to treat mycobacterial infections; most commonly use in combination with other antimycobacterial agents for the treatment of active or latent tuberculosis.
Flurbiprofen is an NSAID used to treat the signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Oxacillin is a penicillin antibiotic used to treat a number of susceptible bacterial infections.
Ibandronate is a bisphosphonate used to treat osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
Naratriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist used to treat migraines.
Rizatriptan is a triptan used to treat migraines with or without aura.
Nedocromil is a pyrano quinoline used to treat allergic conjunctivitis.
Carboplatin is a alkylating agent used to treat advanced ovarian cancer.
Norethisterone is a synthetic second-generation progestin used for contraception, prevention of endometrial hyperplasia in hormone replacement therapy, and in the treatment of other hormone-mediated illnesses such as endometriosis.
Methylprednisolone is a corticosteroid used to treat inflammation or immune reactions across a variety of organ systems, endocrine conditions, and neoplastic diseases.
Apomorphine is a morphine derivative D2 dopamine agonist used to treat hypomobile "off" episodes of advanced Parkinson's disease.
Hydrocodone is an opioid agonist used as an analgesic and antitussive agent.
Paroxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorder, panic disorder, OCD, social phobia, generalized anxiety disorder, the vasomotor symptoms of menopause, and premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Adefovir dipivoxil is a nucleotide analog used to treat chronic hepatitis B.
Mepivacaine is a local anesthetic used for local or regional analgesia or anesthesia.
Clodronic acid is a bisphosphonate used to treat osteoporosis in postmenopausal women, hypercalcemia of malignancy, and osteolysis.
Zaleplon is a sedative used for short term treatment of insomnia in adults.
Sitaxentan is a competitive antagonist of endothelin-1 at the endothelin-A (ET-A) and endothelin-B (ET-B) receptors.
Pindolol is a beta adrenoceptor antagonist used to treat hypertension, edema, ventricular tachycardias, and atrial fibrillation.
Imiquimod is a toll-like receptor 7 agonist used to treat non hyperkeratotic, non hypertrophic actinic keratosis, basal cell carcinoma, genital or perianal warts, and condyloma acuminata.
Telmisartan is an ARB used to treat hypertension, diabetic nephropathy, and congestive heart failure.
Procaine is a local anesthetic used for anesthesia, peripheral nerve block, and spinal nerve block.
Bromfenac is an NSAID used to treat postoperative pain and inflammation of the eye.
Lisinopril is an ACE inhibitor used to treat hypertension, heart failure, and acute myocardial infarction.
Apraclonidine is an alpha adrenergic agonist used to treat raised intraocular pressure.
Nitroglycerin is a nitrate vasodilator used to treat or prevent angina, heart failure, hypertension, and anal fissures.
Alosetron is a 5-HT3 antagonist used to treat diarrhea-predominant IBS.
Rocuronium is a vecuronium analog used to facilitate tracheal intubation and to relax skeletal muscles during surgery.
Desloratadine is a second generation tricyclic antihistamine used to treat seasonal and non seasonal allergic rhinitis, pruritus, and urticaria.
Trimipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant used to treat depression.
Methyldopa is a centrally-acting alpha-2 adrenergic agonist used to manage hypertension alone or in combination with hydrochlorothiazide, and to treat hypertensive crises.
Acetic acid is an antimicrobial agent used to treat susceptible infections of the external auditory canal.
Trabectedin is an alkylating agent approved for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic soft tissue sarcoma (liposarcoma or leiomyosarcoma).
Rufinamide is an antiepileptic drug used as adjunctive therapy to treat seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome (LGS).
Pitavastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower lipid levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Vilazodone is an antidepressant agent used for the treatment of major depressive disorder that targets the 5-HT transporter and 5-HT1A receptors.
Silodosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist used to treat symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
Sugammadex is a modified gamma cyclodextrin used to reverse neuromuscular blockade induced by vecuronium bromide and rocuronium bromide which are agents used for anesthesia.
Prasugrel is a P2Y12 platelet inhibitor used to reduce risk of thrombotic cardiovascular events in unstable angina or non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), and in patients with STEMI when managed with either primary or delayed PCI.
Fingolimod is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator used to treat patients with the relapsing-remitting form of multiple sclerosis (MS) and studied to manage lung complications of COVID-19.
Tesamorelin is a growth hormone releasing factor (GRF) analog used to reduce excessive abdominal fat in HIV patients who have developed lipodystrophy.
Alogliptin is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor used to treat hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ulipristal is a selective progesterone receptor modulator used for emergency contraception after unprotected intercourse or in a situation where a planned method of contraception has failed.
Rilpivirine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used in combination with other antiretrovirals to specifically treat human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1).
Tapentadol is an opioid used to manage severe pain that has not responded to non-opioid medications, and for which opioid analgesic therapy is appropriate.
Crizotinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor used to treat metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) where the tumors have been confirmed to be anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK), or ROS1-positive.
Didanosine is a reverse transcriptase inhibitor used to treat HIV.
Ondansetron is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used to prevent nausea and vomiting in cancer chemotherapy and postoperatively.
Cocaine is an ester local anesthetic used during diagnostic procedures and surgeries in or through the nasal cavities.
Quinidine is a medication used to restore normal sinus rhythm, treat atrial fibrillation and flutter, and treat ventricular arrhythmias.
Bimatoprost is a prostaglandin analog used to treat hypotrichosis of the eyelashes and intraocular pressure in open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
Tiagabine is an antiepileptic used to treat partial seizures.
Zonisamide is a sulfonamide anticonvulsant used to treat partial seizures.
Eltrombopag is a thrombopoietin receptor agonist used to treat thrombocytopenia or aplastic anemia associated with various etiologies.
Boceprevir is a hepatitis C virus NS3/4A protease inhibitor used in combination with other medications to treat chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 infection. Boceprevir is not indicated as monotherapy.
Fidaxomicin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat diarrhea associated with Clostridium difficile infection.
Tolvaptan is a selective vasopressin V2-receptor antagonist to slow kidney function decline in patients at risk for rapidly progressing autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). Also used to treat hypervolemic and euvolemic hyponatremia.
Eribulin is a microtubule inhibitor used to treat metastatic breast cancer and metastatic or unresectable liposarcoma.
Doripenem is an antibiotic of the penem class used to treat complicated intra-abdominal and urinary tract infections.
Dabigatran etexilate is an anticoagulant used for the prevention of venous thromboembolic events or stroke in patients with recent elective hip or knee replacement surgery and atrial fibrillation.
Nitrous oxide is an inhalatory gas used as an adjunct to improve oxygenation and reduce the need for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in certain neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure.
Citric acid is an anti-chelation additive used in blood collection tubes and as a flavoring and preservative agent in various cosmetic and pharmaceutical products.
Mepyramine is an antihistamine agent used for the symptomatic treatment of allergy, hypersensitivity reactions, and pruritic skin disorders.
Lacosamide is an antiepileptic drug used to treat partial-onset seizures and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
Dalbavancin is an antibacterial used to treat acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible strains of Gram-positive bacteria.
Betahistine is an antivertigo agent used for the reduction of episodes of vertigo association with Ménière's disease.
Ruxolitinib is a kinase inhibitor used to treat various types of myelofibrosis, polycythemia vera in patients who have not responded to or cannot tolerate hydroxyurea, and to treat graft-versus-host disease in cases that are refractory to steroid treatment.
Regadenoson is a coronary vasodilator used in radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI).
Asenapine is an atypical antipsychotic used to treat patients with bipolar I disorder and patients with schizophrenia.
Cabozantinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor used to treat advanced renal cell carcinoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and medullary thyroid cancer.
Degarelix is a GnRH receptor antagonist used in the management of advanced prostate cancer.
Paricalcitol is a vitamin D analog used to treat hyperparathyroidism associated with stage 3 or greater chronic kidney disease.
Tinidazole is a nitroimidazole used to treat trichomoniasis, giardiasis, amebiasis, and bacterial vaginosis.
Amantadine is a medication used to treat dyskinesia in Parkinson's patients receiving levodopa, as well as extrapyramidal side effects of medications.
Repaglinide is a antihyperglycemic used to improve glycemic control in diabetes.
Almotriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist used to treat migraines.
Spectinomycin is an aminocyclitol antibiotic used to treat susceptible strains of Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Metronidazole is a nitroimidazole used to treat trichomoniasis, amebiasis, inflammatory lesions of rosacea, and bacterial infections, as well as prevent postoperative infections.
Dinoprostone is a prostaglandin used to induce labor or abortion as well as to treat nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease.
Linagliptin is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor used to manage hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Perampanel is a non-competitive AMPA glutamate receptor antagonist used to treat partial-onset seizures with or without secondarily generalized seizures, and as adjunctive treatment of primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with epilepsy.
Vemurafenib is a kinase inhibitor used to treat patients with Erdheim-Chester Disease who have the BRAF V600 mutation, and melanoma in patients who have the BRAF V600E mutation.
Rivaroxaban is a factor Xa inhibitor used to treat deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). May also be used as thrombosis prophylaxis in specific situations.
Carfilzomib is a proteasome inhibitor used either alone or in conjunction with a chemotherapy regimen to treat patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma.
Buprenorphine is a partial opioid agonist used for management of severe pain that is not responsive to alternative treatments. Also used for maintenance treatment of opioid addiction.
Levosimendan is a calcium sensitizer indicated to treat acutely decompensated severe chronic heart failure.
Ketotifen is a histamine H1 receptor blocker and mast cell stabilizer used to treat mild atopic asthma and allergic conjunctivitis.
Phenoxybenzamine is an alpha adrenergic antagonist used to treat pheochromocytoma and episodes of hypertension and sweating.
Cyclobenzaprine is a skeletal muscle relaxant that works on the brainstem to treat muscle spasms of local origin.
Elvitegravir is an antiretroviral agent used in combination with other antiretrovirals for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults.
Glucose is a form of glucose used for caloric supply and the replenishment of fluid in total parenteral nutrition and other therapies as well as for the treatment of hypoglycemic episodes.
Alprostadil is a prostaglandin E1 agonist used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction and as an adjunct for its diagnosis.
Mephenytoin is a phenylhydantoin used to treat refractory partial epilepsy.
Hydroflumethiazide is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension as well as edema due to congestive heart failure and liver cirrhosis.
Rofecoxib is a COX-2 inhibitor NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea, and migraine attacks.
Tirofiban is a platelet aggregation inhibitor used to prevent thrombotic events in non-ST elevated acute coronary syndrome.
Erlotinib is an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor used to treat certain small cell lung cancers or advanced metastatic pancreatic cancers.
Malathion is a parasympathomimetic organophosphate used to treat head lice.
Cyclophosphamide is a nitrogen mustard used to treat lymphomas, myelomas, leukemia, mycosis fungoides, neuroblastoma, ovarian adenocarcinoma, retinoblastoma, and breast carcinoma.
Etoposide is a podophyllotoxin derivative used to treat testicular and small cell lung tumors.
Guanidine is a strong organic base used to treat muscle weakness and fatigue associated with the myasthenic complications of Eaton-Lambert syndrome.
Roxithromycin is an antibiotic used to treat a variety of susceptible bacterial infections.
Ciprofloxacin is a second generation fluoroquinolone used to treat various susceptible bacterial infections.
Nalidixic acid is a quinolone antibiotic used to treat urinary tract infections.
Oxcarbazepine is an anti-epileptic used in the treatment of partial-onset seizures.
Zuclopenthixol is an antipsychotic indicated for the management of schizophrenia. The acuphase formulation is indicated for initial treatment of acute psychosis or exacerbation of psychosis, while the depot formulation is best for maintenance.
Cefdinir is a third generation cephalosporin used to treat susceptible Gram negative and Gram positive bacterial infections.
Thiothixene is an antipsychotic indicated for the management of schizophrenia.
Gadoversetamide is a gadolinium compound used as a contrast agent in MRI tests of the brain, spine, and liver.
Etoricoxib is a selective COX-2 inhibitor used to relieve moderate post-surgical dental pain as a short-term treatment and inflammatory and painful symptoms of various forms of arthritis.
Toremifene is a first generation nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator used to treat certain breast cancers.
Lincomycin is an antibiotic indicated only for the treatment of serious infections and is typically reserved for use in cases of penicillin allergy or where penicillin is inappropriate.
Nitrous acid is an iron binder used to reverse life-threatening acute cyanide poisoning.
Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant used in the treatment of depression.
Propantheline is an antimuscarinic agent used to treat urinary incontinence, hyperhidrosis, as well as cramps and spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder.
Phenelzine is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor used to treat atypical, nonendogenous, or neurotic depression.
Flucloxacillin is a narrow spectrum penicillin antibiotic that exerts specific activity against Gram positive organisms in skin and soft tissue infections, except those caused by methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).
Amoxapine is a tricyclic antidepressant used in the treatment of neurotic or reactive depressive disorders and endogenous or psychotic depression.
Eslicarbazepine acetate is an anticonvulsant agent used as an adjunct to treat partial-onset seizures in patients with inadequate clinical response to conventional antiepileptic therapy.
Tranexamic acid is an antifibrinolytic used to reduce or prevent hemorrhagic episodes, especially in the context of hyperfibrinolytic disorders.
Fluorouracil is a pyrimidine analog used to treat basal cell carcinomas, and as an injection in palliative cancer treatment.
Vincristine is a vinca alkaloid used to treat acute leukemia, malignant lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, acute erythraemia, and acute panmyelosis.
Estradiol is an estrogenic steroid used to treat vasomotor symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy in menopause, hypoestrogenism, prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis, treatment of breast cancer, and advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate.
Paraldehyde is a central nervous system depressant previously used to control convulsions due to various clinical causes, including tetanus, status epilepticus, and convulsive drugs.
Tenofovir disoproxil is a nucleotide analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor used in the treatment of Hepatitis B infection and used in the management of HIV-1 infection.
Benazepril is an ACE inhibitor prodrug used to treat hypertension.
Mefenamic acid is an NSAID used to treat mild to moderate pain for no more than a week, and primary dysmenorrhea.
Stiripentol is an antiepileptic agent used in combination with other anticonvulsants to treat seizures associated with Dravet syndrome.
Mitomycin is an antimetabolite used as an adjunct to ab externo (outside approach) eye surgeries for the treatment of glaucoma and used as a chemotherapeutic agent for various malignancies.
Desoximetasone is a glucocorticoid used to treat inflammatory and pruritic corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
Azelaic acid is a saturated dicarboxylic acid used to treat mild to moderate acne vulgaris.
Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic used for the treatment of moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible bacteria.
Pyridostigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor used for symptomatic treatment of myasthenia gravis and congenital myasthenic syndromes and to reverse neuromuscular blockade by nondepolarizing muscle relaxants.
Acyclovir is a guanosine analog used to treat herpes simplex, varicella zoster, herpes zoster.
Desogestrel is a synthetic progestin used in contraception, often in combination with ethinyl estradiol.
Naproxen is an NSAID used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, tendinitis, bursitis, acute gout, primary dysmenorrhea, and mild to moderate pain.
Bexarotene is a retinoid drug used for cutaneous manifestations of T-cell lymphoma in patients who have not responded well to previous systemic therapy.
Zafirlukast is a leukotriene receptor antagonist used for prophylaxis and chronic treatment of asthma.
Ibutilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent used to correct atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter, which can be considered as an alternative to cardioversion.
Propylthiouracil is a thiourea antithyroid agent used to treat hyperthyroidism.
Acetohydroxamic acid is a synthetic urea derivative used to treat urea splitting bacterial infections of the urinary tract.
Perindopril is an ACE inhibitor prodrug used to treat hypertension, mild to moderate congestive heart failure, and to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with hypertension or post-myocardial infarction.
Oritavancin is an antibacterial agent used to treat acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused by susceptible Gram-positive bacteria.
Pentobarbital is a barbiturate drug used to induce sleep, cause sedation, and control certain types of seizures.
Piroxicam is an NSAID used to treat the symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Candesartan cilexetil is an angiotensin receptor blocker used to treat hypertension, systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy, and delay progression of diabetic nephropathy.
Valproic acid is an anticonvulsant used to control complex partial seizures and both simple and complex absence seizures.
Lamotrigine is a phenyltriazine antiepileptic used to treat some types of epilepsy and bipolar I disorder.
Chlorthalidone is a diuretic used to treat hypertension or edema caused by heart failure, renal failure, hepatic cirrhosis, estrogen therapy, and other conditions.
Pentostatin is an adenosine deaminase inhibitor used to treat hairy cell leukemia.
Primidone is an antiepileptic used to treat grand mal, psychomotor, and focal epileptic seizures.
Neostigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor used in the symptomatic treatment of myasthenia gravis by improving muscle tone.
Methoxsalen is a furocoumarin used to treat psoriasis and vitiligo.
Sulfasalazine is a salicylate used to treat Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
Acetaminophen is an analgesic drug used alone or in combination with opioids for pain management, and as an antipyretic agent.
Zanamivir is a neuraminidase inhibitor used to treat influenza A and B.
Danazol is a synthetic steroid and pituitary gonadotropin inhibitor used in the treatment of endometriosis and symptomatic treatment of severe pain and tenderness associated with benign fibrocystic breasts.
Gefitinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor used as first-line therapy to treat non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) that meets certain genetic mutation criteria.
Bosentan is a dual endothelin receptor antagonist used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Capreomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used as an adjunct drug in tuberculosis.
Perflutren is a diagnostic medication to improve contrast during echocardiograms.
Gentamicin is an aminoglycoside used to treat a wide variety of aerobic infections in the body.
Zolmitriptan is a member of the triptan class of 5-HT(1B/1D/1F) receptor agonist drugs used for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
Hydroxyzine is an antihistamine used to treat anxiety and tension associated with psychoneuroses, as well as allergic conditions such as pruritus and chronic urticaria.
Tazarotene is an acetylenic retinoid used to treat fine wrinkles, mottled pigmentation of the skin, acne vulgaris, and plaque psoriasis.
Codeine is an opioid analgesic used to treat moderate to severe pain when the use of an opioid is indicated.
Piperacillin is a penicillin antibiotic combined with tazobactam to treat piperacillin-resistant, piperacillin/tazobactam­ susceptible, β-lactamase generating strains of several bacteria.
Copper is a transition metal found in a variety of supplements and vitamins, including intravenous solutions for total parenteral nutrition (TPN).
Iothalamic acid is a diagnostic contrast agent used in various medical imaging procedures, such as angiography, arthrography, and computed tomographic scans.
Doxapram is a short acting respiratory stimulant used to treat acute respiratory insufficiency in COPD patients.
Dihydroergotamine is an ergot alkaloid used in the acute treatment of migraine headache and cluster headache.
Clevidipine is a dihydropyridine L-type calcium channel blocker used to lower blood pressure when oral antihypertensive therapy is not feasible or not desirable.
Tigecycline is a glycylcycline antibiotic used to treat a number of susceptible bacterial infections.
Tolcapone is a catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitor used as adjunct therapy in the symptomatic management of idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic used in the treatment of infections caused by susceptible bacteria, such as pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and skin infections.
Fluorometholone is an ophthalmic corticosteroid used for the relief of inflammation located in both the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, the cornea, and the anterior segment of the globe of the eye.
Amitriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant indicated in the treatment of depressive illness, either endogenous or psychotic, and to relieve depression associated anxiety.
Methotrexate is an antineoplastic agent used the treatment of a wide variety of cancers as well as severe psoriasis, severe rheumatoid arthritis, and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Floxuridine is an antimetabolite used as palliative management for liver metastases of gastrointestinal malignancy.
Carbamazepine is an anticonvulsant used to treat various types of seizures and pain resulting from trigeminal neuralgia.
Ciclesonide is a glucocorticoid used in the symptomatic relief of nasal symptoms associated with seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in adults and adolescents.
Hydromorphone is an opioid analgesic used to treat moderate to severe pain when the use of an opioid is indicated.
Fondaparinux is an anticoagulant used to prevent venous thromboembolism, to treat deep vein thrombosis, and to improve survival following myocardial infarction.
Indomethacin is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAID) used for symptomatic management of chronic musculoskeletal pain conditions and to induce closure of a hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus in premature infants.
Cefpodoxime is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic used in the treatment of various bacterial infections, including gonorrhea, community acquired pneumonia, and sinusitis.
Nitroprusside is a direct acting vasodilator used to treat hypertension, to induce controlled hypotension to reduce postoperative bleeding, and to manage acute heart failure.
Cephalexin is a first generation cephalosporin used to treat certain susceptible bacterial infections.
Ceftibuten is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic commonly used in the treatment of acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis (ABECB), acute bacterial otitis media, pharyngitis, and tonsillitis.
Roflumilast is a selective phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor indicated to decrease the risk of exacerbations in patients with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and to treat plaque psoriasis.
Acenocoumarol is an anticoagulant drug used in the prevention of thromboembolic diseases in infarction and transient ischemic attacks, as well as management of deep vein thrombosis and myocardial infarction.
Alvimopan is an opioid antagonist used to reduce healing time of the upper and lower gastrointestinal tract following surgical procedures that involve bowel resection with primary anastomosis.
Thiabendazole is a benzimidazole used in the treatment of strongyloides, cutaneous larva migrans, visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis infections.
Azelastine is a histamine H1-receptor antagonist used intranasally to treat allergic and vasomotor rhinitis and in an ophthalmic solution to treat allergic conjunctivitis.
Nateglinide is a meglitinide used to treat non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Ezetimibe is a cholesterol absorption inhibitor used to lower total cholesterol, LDL-C, Apo-B, and non-HDL-C in primary hyperlipidemia and familial cholesterolemia.
Dactinomycin is an actinomycin used to treat a wide variety of cancers.
Selenium Sulfide is an antifungal used to treat dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp, and tinea capitis.
Risperidone is a second-generation antipsychotic medication used to treat a number of mental health disorders including schizophrenia, bipolar mania, psychosis, or as an adjunct in severe depression.
Telithromycin is an ketolide used to treat community acquired pneumonia of mild to moderate severity.
Naftifine is an antifungal agent used to treat infections of the Tinea, Trichophyton, and Epidermophyton species.
Edetic acid is a chelating agent used to treat mercury and lead toxicity and some blood transfusion dependent anemias.
Pralidoxime is a cholinesterase reactivator used to treat organophosphate poisoning.
Dipyridamole is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor used to prevent postoperative thromboembolic events.
Pentamidine is an antifungal agent used to treat Pneumocystis pneumonia in patients infected with HIV.
Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone used to prevent and treat a wide variety of infections in the body.
Meclizine is a histamine H1 antagonist used to treat nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness.
Cyclopentolate is an anticholinergic used to cause mydriasis and cycloplegia for diagnostic testing.
Temsirolimus is a antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) that works by inhibiting mTOR.
Ioxaglic acid is a tri-iodinated benzoate contrast agent used in various radiological procedures including angiography, phlebography, urography, computed tomography (CT), and hysterosalpingography.
Amisulpride is a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist used in the treatment of acute and chronic schizophrenia, and in the prevention and treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting in adults.
Levocetirizine is an H1-receptor antagonist used to treat symptoms associated with chronic allergic rhinitis and uncomplicated cases of chronic idiopathic urticaria.
Ramelteon is a melatonin receptor agonist used to treat insomnia.
Formoterol is an inhaled long-acting beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist used as a bronchodilator in the management of asthma and COPD.
Tolmetin is an NSAID used to treat acute flares of various painful conditions and used for the long term management of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and juvenile arthritis.
Mannitol is a sugar alcohol used to test for asthma, to reduce intracranial and intraocular pressure, to measure glomerular filtration rate, and to manage pulmonary symptoms associated with cystic fibrosis.
Physostigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor used to treat glaucoma and anticholinergic toxicity.
Riluzole is a glutamate antagonist used to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Isotretinoin is a retinoid used to treat severe recalcitrant acne.
Ritonavir is an HIV protease inhibitor used in combination with other antivirals in the treatment of HIV infection.
Modafinil is a stimulant used to improve wakefulness in patients with sleep apnea, narcolepsy, or shift work disorder.
Cytarabine is a pyrimidine nucleoside analogue used to treat acute non-lymphocytic leukemia, lymphocytic leukemia, and the blast phase of chronic myelocytic leukemia.
Deferoxamine is a chelating agent used to treat iron or aluminum toxicity and some blood transfusion dependent anemias.
Dopamine is a catecholamine neurotransmitter used to treat hemodynamic imbalances, poor perfusion of vital organs, low cardiac output, and hypotension.
Cimetidine is a histamine H2 receptor antagonist used to manage GERD, peptic ulcer disease, and indigestion.
Dimenhydrinate is a medication used to prevent and treat nausea, vomiting, vertigo, and motion sickness.
Haloperidol is an antipsychotic agent used to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses, as well as symptoms of agitation, irritability, and delirium.
Zileuton is a leukotriene synthesis inhibitor used in the prophylaxis and treatment of chronic asthma.
Glycopyrronium is an anticholinergic agent used to treat hyperhidrosis, severe drooling, COPD, used with other medications to treat ulcers, and used in anesthesia.
Nitazoxanide is a thiazolide anti-infective used to treat infections by protozoa, helminths, anaerobic bacteria, microaerophilic bacteria, and viruses.
Etodolac is an NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as acute pain.
Scopolamine is a belladonna alkaloid with anticholinergic effects indicated for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with motion sickness and postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV).
Rivastigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor used to treat mild to moderate dementia in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine used to treat allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, allergic reactions, and mild allergic reactions.
Simeprevir is a direct-acting antiviral agent that inhibits HCV NS3/4A protease to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in adults with HCV genotype 1 or 4.
Dapagliflozin is a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor used in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Zinc sulfate is a drug used to replenish low levels of zinc or prevent zinc deficiency, or to test for zinc deficiency.
Exemestane is an aromatase inhibitor used to treat breast cancer in postmenopausal women after treatment with tamoxifen.
Oxaprozin is an NSAID used to treat osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
Tranylcypromine is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorder.
Neomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic agent used orally and topically to treat a wide variety of infections in the body.
Tiaprofenic acid is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAID) used to manage inflammation and analgesia associated with rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
Isoflurane is an inhaled general anesthetic used in surgery.
Auranofin is an antirheumatic used to treat active, progressive, or destructive forms of inflammatory arthritis.
Prilocaine is a local anesthetic used in dental procedures.
Methyl aminolevulinate is a porphyrin precursor used to treat non-hyperkeratotic, non-pigmented actinic keratosis of the face and scalp.
Epinastine is an H1 receptor antagonist used to prevent itching in allergic conjunctivitis.
Azathioprine is an immunosuppressant used to prevent renal transplant rejection, treat rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis.
Dextromethorphan is an NMDA receptor antagonist used to treat cases of dry cough.
Hexachlorophene is a chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic used as a surgical scrub and skin cleanser.
Frovatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist used to treat migraines.
Cisplatin is a platinum based chemotherapy agent used to treat various sarcomas, carcinomas, lymphomas, and germ cell tumors.
Hydrochlorothiazide is a thiazide diuretic used to treat edema associated with a number of conditions, and hypertension.
Vancomycin is a glycopeptide antibiotic used to treat severe but susceptible bacterial infections such as MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) infections.
Ethotoin is a hydantoin antiepileptic used to control tonic-clonic and complex partial seizures.
Gabapentin is an anticonvulsant medication used in the management of peripheral neuropathic pains, postherpetic neuralgia, and partial-onset seizures.
Aminocaproic acid is an antifibrinolytic agent used to induce clotting postoperatively.
Tretinoin is a vitamin A derivative used to treat acne vulgaris and certain types of promyelocytic leukemia, as well as various skin conditions in over-the-counter medications.
Doxorubicin is a medication used to treat various cancers, including AIDS-associated Kaposi's Sarcoma and metastatic cancers.
Albendazole is a benzimidazole anthelmintic used to treat parenchymal neurocysticercosis and other helminth infections.
Periciazine is a phenothiazine used with other medications to treat aggressiveness, impulsiveness, and hostility associated with psychiatric conditions such as schizophrenia.
Trandolapril is a prodrug of an ACE inhibitor used to treat hypertension, congestive heart failure, and to improve survival following a myocardial infarction.
Clopidogrel is an antiplatelet agent used to prevent blood clots in peripheral vascular disease, coronary artery disease, and cerebrovascular disease.
Tetracycline is an antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of susceptible infections.
Deferasirox is an iron chelator used to treat chronic iron overload caused by blood transfusions. Also used in patients with non-transfusion-dependent thalassemia syndromes, and in patients with elevated liver iron concentration and serum ferritin.
Meropenem is a carbapenem antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of infections in the body.
Carteolol is a beta adrenergic antagonist used to treat arrhythmia, angina, hypertension, and glaucoma.
Methimazole is a thionamide antithyroid agent that inhibits the actions of thyroid peroxidase, leading to a reduction in thyroid hormone synthesis and amelioration of hyperthyroidism.
Hydroxychloroquine is an antimalarial medication used to treat uncomplicated cases of malaria and for chemoprophylaxis in specific regions. Also a disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug (DMARD) indicated for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and lupus erythematosus.
Mometasone is a corticosteroid with no indications.
Valganciclovir is an antiviral medication used to treat cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients diagnosed with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Caspofungin is an echinocandin used to treat a variety of fungal infections.
Irinotecan is a topoisomerase inhibitor used to treat metastatic carcinoma of the colon or rectum and pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Oxaliplatin is a platinum based chemotherapy agent used to treat carcinoma of the colon or rectum or stage III colon cancer.
Olopatadine is a histamine H1 antagonist used to treat allergic conjunctivitis and rhinitis.
Fusidic acid is a topical antibacterial agent used to prevent and treat mild to moderate skin infections caused by susceptible bacteria.
Alitretinoin is a vitamin A derivative used to treat Kaposi's sarcoma and used off label to treat chronic hand eczema and psoriasis.
Metyrosine is a tyrosine 3-monooxygenase inhibitor used to treat excessive sympathetic stimulation in pheochromocytoma.
Metolazone is a thiazide-like diuretic used to treat hypertension.
Foscarnet is an antiviral used to treat CMV, HIV, and HSV infections.
Molindone is an antipsychotic used to treat schizophrenia.
Lercanidipine is a calcium channel blocker for the management of hypertension.
Mirtazapine is a tetracyclic antidepressant used in the treatment of major depression and is used off-label as a drug for insomnia and to increase appetite.
Meprobamate is an anxiolytic drug used for the short-term management of anxiety symptoms.
Treprostinil is a prostacyclin vasodilator for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension to relieve exercise associated symptoms and to prevent clinical deterioration after stopping epoprostenol.
Budesonide is a corticosteroid used to treat Crohn's disease, asthma, COPD, hay fever and allergies, and ulcerative colitis.
Colestipol is a bile acid sequestrant used as an adjunct to diet and exercise to reduce LDL-C cholesterol levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia.
Ketamine is a rapid-acting general anesthetic and NMDA receptor antagonist used for induction of anesthesia diagnostic and surgical procedures typically in combination with a muscle relaxant.
Rifaximin is a rifamycin-based non-systemic antibiotic used for the treatment of gastrointestinal bacterial infections, such as traveler's diarrhea and irritable bowel syndrome, and reduction of overt hepatic encephalopathy recurrence in adults.
Timolol is a non-selective beta adrenergic blocker used in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in ocular hypertension or open angle glaucoma.
Calcitriol is an active metabolite of vitamin D that is used to treat hyperparathyroidism and is also used in dialysis patients to combat hypocalcemia.
Mivacurium is a short-acting non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent used to induce anesthesia during intubation and promote skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation.
Mexiletine is a class 1B antiarrhythmic agent used in the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias that warrant treatment.
Trihexyphenidyl is an antispasmodic drug used as an adjunct drug in the management of parkinsonism and as a treatment for extrapyramidal symptoms caused by drugs affecting the central nervous system (CNS).
Quetiapine is an atypical antipsychotic agent used for the management of bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and major depressive disorder.
Palonosetron is a serotonin antagonist used in the prophylaxis or management of vomiting that results from emetogenic chemotherapy, and for the management of postoperative nausea and vomiting.
Aminophylline is a bronchodilator consisting of theophylline that is used for the treatment of bronchospasm due to asthma, emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
Paclitaxel is a taxoid chemotherapeutic agent used as first-line and subsequent therapy for the treatment of advanced carcinoma of the ovary, and other various cancers including breast and lung cancer.
Amlodipine is a calcium channel blocker used to treat hypertension and angina.
Dexrazoxane is a cytoprotective drug used to prevent and improve cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin treatment for metastatic breast cancer.
Metoclopramide is an antiemetic agent and dopamine D2 antagonist used in the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease, prevention of nausea and vomiting, and to stimulate gastric emptying.
Saquinavir is an HIV protease inhibitor used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 with advanced immunodeficiency.
Triamterene is a potassium-sparing diuretic used in the treatment of edema and in the management of hypertension.
Carbimazole is a drug used for the reduction of thyroid function.
Sevoflurane is a inhalation anaesthetic agent used for induction and maintenance of general anesthesia during surgical procedures.
Glycine is an amino acid commonly used as a component of total parenteral nutrition and is also used as irrigation during surgery.
Levodopa is a dopamine precursor used in the management of Parkinson's disease, often in combination with carbidopa, as well as other conditions associated with parkinsonism.
Phenylephrine is an alpha-1 adrenergic agonist used in the management of hypotension, generally in the surgical setting associated with the use of anesthetics.
Dexamethasone is a glucocorticoid available in various modes of administration that is used for the treatment of various inflammatory conditions, including bronchial asthma, as well as endocrine and rheumatic disorders.
Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic used in the treatment of a wide variety of mood and psychotic disorders, such as schizophrenia, bipolar I, major depressive disorder, irritability associated with autism, and Tourette's syndrome.
Epoprostenol is a vasodilator and platelet aggregation inhibitor used for the management of primary pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary hypertension in patients with heart failure.
Nimodipine is a calcium channel blocker used to improve neurological outcomes in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage due to a ruptured intracranial aneurysm.
Digoxin is a cardiac glycoside used in the treatment of mild to moderate heart failure and for ventricular response rate control in chronic atrial fibrillation.
Progesterone is a hormone used for a variety of functions, including contraception, control of abnormal uterine bleeding, maintenance of pregnancy, and prevention of endometrial hyperplasia.
Albuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist used to treat asthma, bronchitis, COPD, as well as prevent exercise induced bronchospasms.
Bepridil is a calcium channel blocker that has well characterized anti-anginal properties and known but poorly characterized type 1 anti-arrhythmic and anti-hypertensive properties.
Phenylpropanolamine is a sympathomimetic that was previously used in nasal decongestants and weight loss products, but has been withdrawn by the FDA due to safety risks and lack of efficacy.
Thiamine is a vitamin used to correct vitamin B1 deficiency.
Beclomethasone dipropionate is an inhaled corticosteroid used as maintenance treatment in the prophylaxis of asthma attacks.
Clomipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant used in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component, such as depression, schizophrenia, and Tourette’s disorder.
Ergocalciferol is a vitamin found in many supplement products.
Carisoprodol is a centrally acting muscle relaxant used to relieve the discomfort associated with various musculoskeletal conditions.
Gemfibrozil is a lipid regulator that is used in the reduction of serum triglyceride levels in high-risk patients with hyperlipidemia.
Folic acid is a nutrient used to treat megaloblastic anemia and is found in many supplements.
Hydroxyurea is an antimetabolite used to treat sickle cell anemia crisis, resistant chronic myeloid leukemia, and Locally advanced squamous cell carcinomas of the head and neck (excluding the lip).
Docetaxel is a taxoid antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of various cancers, such as locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer, metastatic prostate cancer, gastric adenocarcinoma, and head and neck cancer.
Icosapent is a polyunsaturated fatty acid, usually found in fish oils, that is used in many supplements.
Letrozole is an aromatase inhibitor used to treat breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Isocarboxazid is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor used to treat enduring and debilitating symptoms of depression following inadequate clinical response to other antidepressant drugs.
Sorafenib is a kinase inhibitor used to treat unresectable liver carcinoma, advanced renal carcinoma, and differentiated thyroid carcinoma.
Zoledronic acid is a bisphosphonate used to treat malignancy associated hypercalcemia, multiple myeloma, and bone metastasis from solid tumors.
Ganciclovir is a DNA polymerase inhibitor used to treat cytomegalovirus and herpetic keratitis of the eye.
Ketoprofen is an NSAID used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, dysmenorrhea, mild to moderate muscle pain, postoperative pain, and postpartum pain.
Busulfan is an alkylating agent used to treat chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Iodixanol is a contrast agent used during coronary angiography, particularly in patients with renal dysfunction.
Olsalazine is an anti-inflammatory aminosalicylate used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease and ulcerative colitis.
Pyridoxine is a vitamin used to correct vitamin B6 deficiency and to treat nausea during pregnancy.
Cinacalcet is a calcium sensing receptor agonist used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in chronic kidney disease and hypercalcemia in parathyroid carcinoma.
Lisdexamfetamine is a central nervous system (CNS) stimulant used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and moderate to severe eating disorders.
Fesoterodine is an antimuscarinic agent used in the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and frequency.
Clobetasol propionate is a corticosteroid used to treat corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses and plaque psoriasis.
Dasatinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor used for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia or chronic myeloid leukemia.
Dexmethylphenidate is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor used in the treatment of ADHD in conjunction with other therapies.
Edrophonium is a cholinesterase inhibitor used to diagnose and evaluate myasthenia gravis.
Ergometrine is an ergot alkaloid used for the treatment of postpartum haemorrhage and post abortion hemorrhage in patients with uterine atony.
Iobenguane is a radiopharmaceutical agent used for the diagnosis of primary and metastatic pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma.
Metyrapone is a steroid 11-beta-monooxygenase inhibitor used to test hypothalamic-pituitary ACTH function.
Gadobutrol is a gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with contrasted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect and visualize lesions and abnormal vascularity.
Glyburide is a sulfonylurea used in the treatment of non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Lapatinib is an antineoplastic agent and tyrosine kinase inhibitor used for the treatment of advanced or metastatic HER-positive breast cancer in patients who received prior chemotherapeutic treatments.
Minocycline is a tetracycline analog used to treat a wide variety of infections in the body.
Balsalazide is an aminosalicylate used to treat ulcerative colitis.
Sulfamethoxazole is an oral sulfonamide antibiotic, given in combination with trimethoprim, used to treat a variety of infections of the urinary tract, respiratory system, and gastrointestinal tract.
Guanfacine is an alpha-2A adrenergic receptor agonist used to treat ADHD.
Bethanechol is a muscarinic agonist used to treat postoperative and postpartum nonobstructive functional urinary retention and neurogenic atony of the bladder with retention.
Sincalide is a diagnostic agent used to stimulate gallbladder contraction or pancreatic secretion during diagnostic tests, and accelerate fluoroscopy and x-ray examination of the intestinal tract.
Ethambutol is an antituberculosis agent used in the prophylaxis and treatment of tuberculosis (TB).
Atropine is a muscarinic antagonist used to treat poisoning by muscarinic agents, including organophosphates and other drugs.
Testosterone propionate is a slow-release anabolic steroid no longer used commonly for the treatment of androgen deficiency or promotion of anabolic effects on muscles.
Permethrin is an insecticide used to prevent infestation with Sarcoptes scabiei (scabies).
Metformin is a biguanide antihyperglycemic used in conjunction with diet and exercise for glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It is also used off-label for insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Fenoprofen is an anti-inflammatory analgesic used to treat mild to moderate pain in addition to the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
Vinblastine is a vinca alkaloid used to treat breast cancer, testicular cancer, neuroblastoma, Hodgkin's and non-Hodgkins lymphoma, mycosis fungoides, histiocytosis, and Kaposi's sarcoma.
Propranolol is a non-selective beta adrenergic antagonist used to treat hypertension, angina, atrial fibrillation, myocardial infarction, migraine, essential tremor, hypertrophic subaortic stenosis, and pheochromocytoma.
Olanzapine is an antipsychotic drug used in the management of schizophrenia, bipolar 1 disorder, and agitation associated with these disorders.
Atenolol is a synthetic beta-1 selective blocker used in the management of hypertension and chronic angina, and to reduce mortality in known or suspected myocardial infarction in hemodynamically stable patients.
Valaciclovir is an guanine nucleoside antiviral used to treat herpes exacerbations.
Ipratropium is an anticholinergic drug used in the control of symptoms related to bronchospasm in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
Methadone is an opioid analgesic indicated for management of severe pain that is not responsive to alternative treatments. Also used to aid in detoxification and maintenance treatment of opioid addiction.
Clonidine is an alpha-2 adrenergic agonist used to treat hypertension and severe cancer pain, among other conditions, and to treat withdrawal symptoms from various substances. It is also used to aid in the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma and to prevent migraines.
Paromomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic used in the treatment of acute and chronic intestinal amebiasis, and as an adjunct for the management of hepatic coma.
Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor used to treat GERD associated conditions such as heartburn and gastric acid hypersecretion, and to promote healing of tissue damage and ulcers caused by gastric acid and H. pylori infection.
Ospemifene is a non-hormonal estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) used to treat moderate to severe dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause.
Pyrazinamide is an antituberculosis agent used as a component of tuberculosis (TB) treatment.
Carbenicillin is a semisynthetic penicillin. Though carbenicillin provides substantial in vitro activity against a variety of both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms, the most important aspect of its profile is in its antipseudomonal and antiproteal activity.
Pimecrolimus is a topical calcineurin inhibitor used in the treatment of mild-moderate atopic dermatitis who are not candidates for other types of therapy due to previous lack of response or other reasons.
Nitrogen is a cryogenic agent used to treat various benign and malignant skin lesions.
Valdecoxib is a COX-2 inhibitor used to treat osteoarthritis and dysmenorrhoea.
Iopromide is an X-ray contrast agent used during various types of imaging tests such as angiography and contrast computed tomography (CT) imaging tests.
Sodium chloride is an ingredient found in a variety of nutritional products as a source of electrolytes and water.
Sodium acetate is a compound used for electrolyte replenishment and total parenteral nutrition (TPN) therapy.
Cetirizine is a selective Histamine-1 antagonist drug used in allergic rhinitis and chronic urticaria.
Lactulose is a disaccharide derivative of lactose used to treat constipation and portal systemic encephalopathy.
Voriconazole is a triazole compound used to treat fungal infections.
Aminohippuric acid is a hippuric acid derivative injection utilized in the measurement of effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) and functional capacity of the renal excretory system.
Octreotide is a peptide drug used to treat acromegaly as well as diarrhea associated with metastatic carcinoid tumors and vasoactive intestinal peptide secreting tumors.
Alfuzosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic antagonist used in the symptomatic management of benign prostatic hypertrophy (BPH).
Fluticasone propionate is a glucocorticoid used to treat asthma, inflammatory pruritic dermatoses, and nonallergic rhinitis.
Diltiazem is a calcium channel blocker used to treat hypertension and to manage chronic stable angina.
Nizatidine is an H2 receptor antagonist used to treat GERD and a variety of ulcers.
Protriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant that is indicated in the treatment of depression only under close clinical supervision.
Diclofenac is an NSAID used to treat the signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
Clobazam is a benzodiazepine used as adjunct treatment in seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
Phenazopyridine is a local anesthetic used for the symptomatic relief of pain, burning, urgency, frequency, and general discomfort caused by lower urinary tract irritations that are a result of infection, trauma, surgery, endoscopic procedures, or the passage of equipment or catheters.
Trimethadione is an anticonvulsant agent indicated for the control of treatment-refractory petit mal seizures.
Lisuride is an anti-Parkinson drug chemically related to the dopaminergic ergoline Parkinson's drugs. Lisuride binds to the 5-HT(1A) and 5-HT(2A/2C) receptors.
Nitisinone is a hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitor used as an adjunct to dietary restrictions for the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 (HT-1), which causes intolerance to tyrosine containing foods.
Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic agent used for the acute treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
Doxazosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor used to treat mild to moderate hypertension and urinary obstruction due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Fluocinolone acetonide is a corticosteroid used to treat skin conditions, eczematous otitis externa, diabetic macular edema, and non-infectious uveitis of the posterior segment of the eye.
Amiloride is a pyrizine compound used to treat hypertension and congestive heart failure.
Bromocriptine is a dopamine D2 receptor agonist used for the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia and other prolactin-related conditions, as well as in early Parkinsonian Syndrome.
Methylergometrine is an ergot alkaloid used to prevent and control uterine atony and hemorrhage before and after delivery.
Oxytetracycline is a tetracycline antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of susceptible bacterial infections.
Iodipamide is a contrast agent used in cholangiography and cholecystography.
Ezogabine is an antiepileptic agent used as an adjuvant treatment of partial-onset seizures.
Minoxidil is an antihypertensive vasodilating agent used for resistant hypertension that is symptomatic or has caused end organ damage.
Megestrol acetate is a progestin that is administered orally to treat anorexia and cachexia or serious unexplained weight loss and is also used as an antineoplastic agent to treat certain types of malignancy.
Ethosuximide is an anticonvulsant used to treat petit mal seizures.
Chlorzoxazone is a drug with muscle relaxant properties that is used as an adjunct to physical therapy and analgesics to treat stiffness and pain caused by a variety of musculoskeletal conditions.
Labetalol is an alpha and beta adrenergic antagonist used to treat hypertension, angina, and sympathetic overactivity syndrome.
Mitoxantrone is a chemotherapeutic agent used for the treatment of secondary progressive, progressive relapsing, or worsening relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Vitamin B12 is a vitamin available in many formulations to correct vitamin B12 deficiency.
Aminoglutethimide is an adrenocortical steroid synthesis inhibitor used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome.
Nadolol is a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist used for the management of arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertension.
Levetiracetam is a novel anticonvulsant agent used as an adjunct medication to manage partial onset, myoclonic, and generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with epilepsy.
Aztreonam is a beta-lactam antibiotic used to treat select aztreonam sensitive gram negative bacteria.
Gadoteridol is a gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with contrasted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect and visualize lesions and abnormal vascularity.
Pirfenidone is an agent used for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
Sparfloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used to treat bacterial respiratory infections and sinusitis.
Mefloquine is an antimalarial agent used in the prophylaxis and treatment of malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax.
Lomustine is an alkylating agent used as a part of chemotherapeutic regimens for the treatment of primary and metastatic brain tumors as well as refractory or relapsed Hodgkin's disease in addition to surgical and/or radiotherapeutic treatments.
Sulfadiazine is a sulfonamide antibiotic used in a variety of infections, such as urinary tract infections, trachoma, and chancroid.
Flumazenil is a benzodiazepine antagonist that is used for the complete or partial reversal of the sedative effects caused by benzodiazepines in various clinical settings, such as induced general anesthesia for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures.
Sapropterin is a cofactor used as an adjunct to phenylalanine restriction in the treatment of phenylketonuria (PKU).
Clozapine is an atypical or second-generation antipsychotic drug used in treatment-resistant schizophrenia and to decrease suicide risk in schizophrenic patients.
Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used for the treatment of a wide variety of bacterial infections such as acute otitis, pharyngitis, tonsillitis, respiratory tract infections, uncomplicated skin infections, and helicobacter pylori infection.
Calcipotriol is a topical synthetic vitamin D2 derivative used in the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
Choline is a nutrient found in a wide variety of vitamins including pre-natal formulations.
Levobunolol is a beta-adrenergic antagonist used for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
Vinorelbine is a vinca alkaloid used in the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSLC) and in conjunction with other drugs in locally advanced NSCLC.
Abiraterone is an antiandrogen used in the treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer and metastatic high-risk castration-sensitive prostate cancer.
Anidulafungin is an antifungal used in the treatment of several types of candida infections.
Levonorgestrel is a progestin found in oral and IUD contraceptives and at higher doses in emergency contraceptives.
Estazolam is a benzodiazepine used for the short-term management of insomnia.
Vorinostat is a histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor used for the treatment of cutaneous manifestations in patients with progressive, persistent, or recurrent cutaneous T- cell lymphoma (CTCL) following prior systemic therapies.
Norepinephrine is a sympathomimetic used in the control of blood pressure during various hypotensive states and as an adjunct treatment during cardiac arrest.
Metipranolol is a beta-adrenergic antagonist used for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
Fomepizole is an inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning.
Ceftriaxone is a broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic used for the treatment of bacterial infections in various locations, such as in the respiratory tract, skin, soft tissue, and urinary tract.
Dantrolene is a direct-acting skeletal muscle relaxant used for the treatment of management of the fulminant hypermetabolism of skeletal muscle leading to malignant hyperthermia crisis.
Halofantrine is an antimalarial used for the treatment of severe malaria.
Cidofovir is an antiviral agent used to treat Cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with AIDS.
Anastrozole is a competitive, selective, non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor used as adjuvant therapy for the treatment of hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Finasteride is an antiandrogenic compound that is used for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and male pattern hair loss in adult males by inhibiting Type II 5-alpha reductase.
Amoxicillin is a penicillin derivative used for the treatment of infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, in particular streptococcal bacteria causing upper respiratory tract infections.
Thiotepa is an alkylating agent used to prevent graft rejection in stem cell transplantation and to treat a variety of malignancies including certain types of adenocarcinoma and superficial bladder carcinomas.
Estriol is a weak estrogen used to treat vaginal dryness and estrogen deficiency conditions, such as vaginitis and vulvar itching.
Oxybutynin is an antimuscarinic agent that reduces detrusor muscle activity, relaxing the bladder and preventing the urge to void.
Glipizide is a sulfonylurea medication used in Type 2 Diabetes to sensitize pancreatic beta cells and stimulate insulin release.
Clonazepam is a long-acting benzodiazepine with intermediate onset commonly used to treat panic disorders, severe anxiety, and seizures.
Melatonin is an endogenous hormone produced by the pineal gland that regulates sleep-wake cycles and when provided exogenously has beneficial effects on sleep-onset latency; available as an over-the-counter supplement.
Sofosbuvir is a direct-acting antiviral agent used to treat specific hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections in combination with other antiviral agents.
Cefditoren is a broad-spectrum third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic typically used to treat bacterial infections of the skin and respiratory tract.
Macitentan is an endothelin receptor antagonist used to manage pulmonary arterial hypertension to delay disease progression.
Luliconazole is a topical antifungal agent used to treat fungal infections.
Promethazine is a first-generation antihistamine used for the treatment of allergic conditions, nausea and vomiting, and motion sickness.
Dolutegravir is an antiviral agent used for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in combination with other antiretroviral agents.
Riociguat is a stimulator of soluble guanylate cyclase indicated for the management of persistent or recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Perhexiline is a coronary vasodilator used especially for angina of effort. It may cause neuropathy and hepatitis.
Diphenhydramine is a H1 receptor antihistamine used in the treatment of seasonal allergies, and various allergic reactions including sneezing, runny nose, itchy/watery eyes, itching of nose or throat, pruritus, urticaria, insect bites/stings, and allergic rashes.
Atazanavir is an antiviral protease inhibitor used in combination with other antiretrovirals for the treatment of HIV.
Fludarabine is a purine analog antimetabolite that inhibits DNA synthesis.
Iopamidol is a diagnostic imaging agent used for angiography throughout the cardiovascular system.
Tegaserod is a serotonin-4 (5-HT4) receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of constipation predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-C) specifically in women under the age of 65. There is currently no safety or efficacy data for use of tegaserol in men.
Fotemustine is an alkylating agent used in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.
Atorvastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower lipid levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Etidronic acid is a bisphosphonate drug that prevents osteoclastic bone resorption; used for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Bendamustine is an antineoplastic agent used for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) that has progressed following rituximab therapy.
Apremilast is a non-steroidal medication used for the treatment of inflammatory conditions such as psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Alcaftadine is a H1 histamine receptor antagonist for ophthalmic use to prevent itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
Besifloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic agent used for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis.
Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic indicated to treat multi-drug resistant mycobacterium tuberculosis and various non-tuberculosis infections.
Benzyl alcohol is an antiparasitic agent used for the topical treatment of head lice infestation in patients 6 months of age and older.
Vigabatrin is an irreversible GABA transaminase inhibitor used as an adjunct therapy to treat refractory complex partial seizures in patients ≥2 years unresponsive to alternatives. May also be used as monotherapy to treat infantile spasms in infants 1 month to 2 years.
Cabazitaxel is an antineoplastic agent used in combination with corticosteroids to treat metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer in patients previously treated with a docetaxel-containing treatment regimen.
Pilocarpine is a muscarinic agonist used to treat dry mouth and various ophthalmic conditions, such as presbyopia, increased intraocular pressure, and angle-closure glaucoma.
Benzocaine is a topical local anesthetic used for the temporary relief of pain and itching associated with minor burns, sunburn, scrapes and insect bites or minor skin irritations.
Orlistat is a reversible inhibitor of gastrointestinal lipases indicated for weight loss and weight maintenance.
Emedastine is a selective H1-receptor antagonist used topically to manage symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
Primaquine is an antimalarial indicated to prevent relapse of vivax malaria.
Iloprost is a synthetic prostacyclin analog used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and frostbites.
Carglumic acid is an analog of N-acetylglutamate (NAG) used for the treatment of acute and chronic hyperammonemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase (NAGS) deficiency.
Capsaicin is a topical analgesic agent used for the symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia, as well as other muscle and joint pain.
Dimercaprol is a chelating agent used as an antidote to arsenic, gold, and mercury poisoning, as well as acute lead poisoning in combination with edetate calcium disodium.
Dimethyl sulfoxide is a reversible mitogen-activated extracellular signal-regulated kinase-1 (MEK1) and MEK2 inhibitor used to treat certain types of melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and locally advanced or metastatic anaplastic thyroid cancer.
Difluprednate is a topical corticosteroid used for the symptomatic treatment of inflammation and pain associated with ocular surgery.
Butenafine is a topical antifungal used to treat tinea versicolor, tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis.
Leflunomide is a pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor indicated to treat rheumatoid arthritis.
Fluvastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower lipid levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Rosuvastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower lipid levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Flucytosine is an antifungal indicated only to treat severe infections throughout the body caused by susceptible strains of Candida or Cryptococcus.
Halcinonide is a corticosteroid used for the management and symptomatic relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 analogue used for cervical dilation and, in combination with mifepristone, for pregnancy termination.
Decitabine is a chemotherapeutic pyrimidine nucleoside analogue used for the treatment of myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) by inducing DNA hypomethylation and corresponding alterations in gene expression.
Sitagliptin is an oral dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor used for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Desonide is a topical corticosteroid used for the symptomatic treatment of inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid responsive dermatoses.
Fluvoxamine is a selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Felodipine is a calcium channel blocker used to treat hypertension.
Valsartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker used to manage hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents and to manage heart failure in patients who are intolerant to ACE inhibitors.
Mycophenolic acid is an immunosuppressant used to prevent organ transplant rejections.
Telbivudine is a thymidine nucleoside analog used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B with clinical evidence of viral replication or persistent elevations in serum aminotransferases (ALT or AST).
Darunavir is a HIV protease inhibitor used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in patients with history of prior antiretroviral therapies.
Pravastatin is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor used to lower lipid levels and to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events, including myocardial infarction and stroke.
Posaconazole is a triazole antifungal drug that is used to treat invasive infections by Candida species and Aspergillus species in severely immunocompromised patients.
Ramipril is an ACE inhibitor used for the management of hypertension and the reduction of cardiovascular mortality following myocardial infarction in hemodynamically stable patients with clinical signs of congestive heart failure.
Amlexanox is an antiallergic drug, clinically effective for atopic diseases, especially allergic asthma and rhinitis.
Sunitinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor and chemotherapeutic agent used for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and imatinib-resistant gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST).
Naphazoline is a sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor used for the symptomatic relief of redness and itching of the eye, and nasal congestion.
Ketoconazole is a broad spectrum antifungal used to treat seborrheic dermatitis and fungal skin infections.
Paliperidone is an atypical antipsychotic used in the treatment of schizophrenia and other schizoaffective or delusional disorders.
Methyltestosterone is a synthetic anabolic steroid used for the replacement therapy in conditions associated with testosterone deficiencies in males, such as hypogonadism, and treatment of advancing inoperable metastatic breast cancer in females.
Irbesartan is an angiotensin receptor blocker used to treat hypertension, delay progression of diabetic nephropathy, and treat congestive heart failure.
Fosaprepitant is an antiemetic drug used in combination with other antiemetic agents for the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy.
Fospropofol is a sedative-­hypnotic agent indicated for monitored anesthesia care (MAC) sedation in adult patients undergoing diagnostic or therapeutic procedures.
Flunisolide is an inhaled corticosteroid used as a prophylactic therapy in the maintenance treatment of asthma.
Topotecan is an antineoplastic agent used to treat ovarian cancer, small cell lung cancer, or cervical cancer.
Varenicline is a partial agonist at nicotinic acetylcholine receptors used as an aid in smoking cessation.
Nicotine is a stimulatory alkaloid found in tobacco products that is often used for the relief of nicotine withdrawal symptoms and as an aid to smoking cessation.
Baclofen is a GABA-ergic agonist used to manage severe spasticity of cerebral or spinal origin in adult and pediatric patients.
Amphetamine is a CNS stimulant and sympathomimetic agent indicated for the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
Esmolol is a cardioselective beta-adrenergic blocker used for the short-term control of ventricular rate and heart rate in various types of tachycardia, including perioperative tachycardia and hypertension.
Bedaquiline is a diarylquinoline antimycobacterial used in combination with other antibacterials to treat pulmonary multidrug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB).
Bortezomib is a proteasome inhibitor used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have not been successfully treated with at least two previous therapies.
Procainamide is a medication used to treat life threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
Cevimeline is a muscarinic agonist with parasympathomimetic activities that is used for the symptomatic treatment of dry mouth in patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
Probenecid is a medication used to treat gouty arthritis, tophaceous gout, and hyperuricemia.
Hydralazine is an antihypertensive agent used for the management of essential hypertension or severe hypertension associated with conditions requiring immediate action, heart failure, and pre-eclampsia or eclampsia .
5-methyltetrahydrofolic acid is a methylated derivate of tetrahydrofolate. It is generated by methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase from 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate and used to recycle homocysteine back to methionine by 5-methyltetrahydrofolate-homocysteine methyltransferases (also called methionine synthases).
Ponatinib is a kinase inhibitor used to treat patients with various types of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML).
Lorazepam is a short-acting benzodiazepine commonly used to treat panic disorders, severe anxiety, and seizures.
Mercaptopurine is an antineoplastic agent used to treat acute lymphocytic leukemia.
Arformoterol is a beta-2 adrenergic agonist and bronchodilator used for long-term, symptomatic treatment of reversible bronchoconstriction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Fenofibrate is a peroxisome proliferator receptor alpha activator used to lower LDL-C, total-C, triglycerides, and Apo B, while increasing HDL-C in hypercholesterolemia, dyslipidemia, and hypertriglyceridemia.
Tolterodine is a muscarinic receptor antagonist used to treat overactive bladder with urinary incontinence, urgency, and frequency.
Selegiline is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorder and Parkinson's.
Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent used to manage patients with urea cycle disorders who cannot be sufficiently managed amino acid supplementation and/or dietary restrictions.
Canagliflozin is a sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor used to manage hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). Also used to reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events in patients with established cardiovascular disease and type 2 DM.
Fluticasone furoate is an inhaled corticosteroid that can be used as maintenance treatment of asthma and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) depending on the product. Also available as a nasal spray to manage symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
Carbidopa is a dopa decarboxylase inhibitor used in combination with levodopa for the symptomatic treatment of idiopathic Parkinson disease and other conditions associated with parkinsonian symptoms.
Nelarabine is a purine nucleoside analog and antineoplastic agent used for the treatment of with acute T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia and T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma with inadequate clinical response to prior chemotherapeutic treatments.
Phentermine is a sympathomimetic anorectic agent used as a short-term adjunct therapy that is included in a regimen of weight reduction in cases of exogenous obesity.
Thalidomide is a medication used to treat cancers, particularly newly diagnosed multiple myeloma, and erythema nodosum leprosum.
Betaxolol is a cardioselective beta blocking agent commonly used to treat hypertension and elevated intraocular pressure (when administered ophthalmically).
Melphalan is an alkylating agent used to treat multiple myeloma, ovarian carcinoma, uveal melanoma with unresectable hepatic metastases, and for high-dose conditioning before hematopoietic stem cell transplant in patients.
Tramadol is a centrally-acting opioid agonist and SNRI (serotonin/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor) used for the management of moderate to severe pain in adults.
Oseltamivir is a neuraminidase inhibitor used in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza.
Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat and prevent a variety of bacterial infections.
Lubiprostone is a prostaglandin derivative used to treat constipation caused by irritable bowel syndrome and opioid-use.
Fluconazole is a triazole antifungal used to treat various fungal infections including candidiasis.
Memantine is an NMDA receptor antagonist used to treat moderate to severe dementia in Alzheimer's.
Dabrafenib is a kinase inhibitor used to treat patients with specific types of melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, and thyroid cancer.
Troglitazone is an oral antihyperglycemic agent which acts primarily by decreasing insulin resistance.
Gatifloxacin is a fourth generation fluoroquinolone used to treat a wide variety of infections in the body.
Trametinib is a kinase inhibitor used alone or in combination with dabrafenib to treat patients with cancers with specific BRAF mutations, such as melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer.
Fluocinonide is a high potency corticosteroid commonly used topically for a number of inflammatory skin conditions.
Abacavir is an antiviral nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used in combination with other antiretrovirals for the treatment of HIV.
Levomilnacipran is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults.
Afatinib is an antineoplastic agent used for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with non-resistant EGFR mutations or resistance to platinum-based chemotherapy.
Pirbuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic agonist and bronchodilator used for the symptomatic treatment of asthma.
Ibuprofen is an NSAID and non-selective COX inhibitor used to treat mild-moderate pain, fever, and inflammation.
Echothiophate is an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used in ophthalmic preparations to increase the drainage of intraocular fluid; most commonly used for the treatment of glaucoma.
Praziquantel is an anthelmintic medication used to treat parasitic worm infections such as schistosomiasis, clonorchiasis, and opisthorchiasis
Norfloxacin is a broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibiotic with variable activity against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Typically reserved for the treatment of UTIs due to accumulation in the urine.
